I mean, just repeating the things that you have heard. You spend time in prayer to generate potential difference. If you did physics, you understand what I'm saying here. You create potential difference in the place of prayer. That is what makes your words to be powerful. So while you are crying, fine. God is not saying you should not cry. Cry. Bible said Jesus wept. But in the midst of that, make sure that you have the seed of God's word. In your mouth. Say, in this month of August, the seed of God's word will remain in my mouth. And let me tell the truth, don't ever— if you are skillful in this thing, you will understand by experience that it is not as easy as it sounds. To keep God's word in your mouth is warfare. I mean, to keep the word in your mouth is warfare. Have you gone through a season you know the efficacy of God's word, but the impetus and the urge to speak that word is not there? That is the worst attack against your life. The worst attack against a believer is the attack that The attack that shuts your mouth, the one that tries to gag your mouth. And that is why your mouth must remain open. Like a man of God said, an open mouth is an open destiny. Anything that devil is trying to do— see, devil may try to do whatever around you, but ensure that the devil will never succeed to shut your mouth. Your mouth must not be too heavy. And you see, there are times that God's word can be heavy in your mouth. You don't know. There are times that your prophecy will be heavy. You know what I mean by being heavy? That even as you are saying it, you don't believe it. And that is why you spend time in tongues, that the word of God will be light in your mouth. One of the ways we know that God's word is not yet light in your mouth is that you find it difficult to confess it in the presence of brethren. You know, there's still a level of confession you can do in your bedroom when nobody is listening, because even as you are declaring, even you yourself, you don't believe it. It is as you are declaring that the faith is coming. But there's a level of declaration That you can't do in the midst of people because they will think you are crazy. Do you understand what I'm saying? So just imagine in the— in your family, and you just make that declaration that in this family I am a pacesetter. This family God is using me to pioneer something great. It takes a level of audacity for you to say that. You can be confessing in your bedroom, I am taking the city, my business is colonizing this city in the name of Jesus. It's another thing for you to publicly declare it in the presence of people, and there is an art to that. Many of the things that Jesus said were declaration of faith. You get what I'm saying here? So you need to get to that point that God's word sizes your mouth. You are not struggling to say it, and that is how you will know that faith has risen in your heart. When you can boldly declare that before the end of this year I'm getting married, and people like, uh-uh, in August. And I'm telling you, even as the anointed, as the anointed, there are prophecies that can be heavy for you to speak if you have not spent time in prayer. One time I was with a family praying and the Lord gave me a word about the eldest daughter in the family. I didn't even know anything about her. The Lord just put that word in my mouth and I just prophesied. I said, the Lord said I should tell you that before the end of this year you are getting married. The lady laughed. The mother had to rebuke her. I think as at then she was about 39 years old. The last time she was in any serious relationship was more than 10 years ago. The mother had to rebuke her. The man of God is prophesying, you are laughing, and things like that. I, I, I understand her. Sarah laughed when the Lord, the angel of the Lord— and when Bible talks about the angel of the Lord, it's not just some angel. That is the manifestation of God. We call it the pre-incarnation manifestation of God on earth. Sarah laughed. Praise God. You know the way human reason— after, after the Lord ate the delicacy, you know what Sarah was thinking is that It is this soup that is making this man to be saying this thing. The same thing happened to Elijah. Elijah said, in the time of flood, you carry your baby. You might say, man of God, you don't have to, you don't have to compensate. That's who we are. And you don't have to now start raising my hope. Ah, because there is a law of venison. All trance have to leave. And at that level, it is no longer about your faith or unbelief. It is the act of honor. See, honor is a conduit that carries a high tension of God's power. And you know, I just, you know, move on to other things. When I later heard a testimony that same day, before the end of that day, a guy showed up. That guy works with a popular bank. The guy came to visit his colleague. This lady came to visit that same person that same evening. And the young man called this woman and said, who is this lady? I just like her. I'm ready to marry if she's— They got married December that year. What I'm saying is, you see, there are certain words it takes. You know, God asked Ezekiel, can these dry bones live? Ah, he said, sir, only you know. God said, no problem, I will put my word in your mouth. See, there are many of you, God has put his word in your mouth, but your mouth is not big enough to release it. And that is why you spend time in prayer. It is to build capacity to release the word. At that point, you are no longer ashamed. You are no— you don't bother about the opinion of people about what they think about you. That is what happened to David. He said, what did the king say he will do to the man that bring down this giant? His brothers heard it. They said, we know since that man pour oil on your head, you've been overdoing. It is the same you that will come back and say that you kill lion. It's the same you kill lion, there's no mark on your body because you're anointed. You think that now you come back, you say you've killed bear. Now you see this one, you know, nobody saw the lion and bear, but this one He asked, I say, is there not a cause? And he moved away. That is what some of you need to do. You've been seeking counsel from the wrong mouth. You want to do great things. Instead of you to come and meet me to counsel you, you are now going to meet your friend, and everybody will counsel you according to their capacity. They gave you some money in the place of your work and you just feel in your heart that you should go and rent an apartment. In a particular location. You now went to talk to your friend with a small mind that is living in one-room apartment, maybe in one pakku house. There's nothing wrong with living in a pakku house. You start somewhere. Where will you put all this money to? Why can't you go to, go to Oshogbo? In Oshogbo, you will see half plots for the same amount. Now you carry the money, you went to Oshogbo to buy that half plot. Now you've been on the foundation level for the past 3 years. If you want to do great things, come and talk to me. I'm a consultant on great things. If you want to do small things, I will refer you to the pastors. Pastor Toba said no. May I refer you to Pastor Chris? I will refer you to your tribe leader. Let your heart be enlarged. Let the word of God size your mouth. And this is the way you will know that you can boldly declare the word in the presence of the people. You know, something you are very confident of, you can declare it everywhere. That you cannot declare the word that God has given you is as a result of lack of confidence. And that boldness comes in the place of prayer. Because interestingly, the dry bone did not respond when God was putting the word to the ear of Ezekiel. It was until Ezekiel— see, let me tell you, see, after creation Creation no longer responds to the direct voice of God. It has to be spoken by man. That is why the Bible says that angels excel in strength and they hearken to the voice of the word of God. It is the word of God, can be anybody's voice. I'm telling you, unbelievers can declare the word of God and something will happen, because many of you think that God is just for you alone. Are you getting what I'm saying? I think in Watchman Nee's book, I read the testimony of a woman in China who was hunting for— looking for firewood and all that, and then a tiger pounced in her direction. And before then, she had one evangelist that came to their village and preached and talked about one Jesus, how powerful That Jesus was. And then she just cried out, Jesus! A non-believer! And immediately the tiger froze on the point and turned and ran away. She's a non-believer. He is rich unto all that call upon him. If you call upon him for salvation, you'll be saved. I've seen those that think that they are atheists, just wait for turbulence in the flight. I've experienced that before. I was in one flight with one popular secular, and then we went through serious turbulence. Even me, that I'm the man of God, my entire life flashed before me. But I was just like, I'm the man of God in this place. You see, all of them, all of those people that act as if they are very holy, everybody remember Jesus. Let the word of God size your mouth. Let the word of God give you confidence. Are you getting what I'm saying here? And some of you, when that time is elapsing, you now begin to adjust your confession. Hey, it's August. If God could not do it between January and now, is it now this time that is left that God will now— you now begin to adjust something you've been declaring that 2026. Now you are saying that, God, I know you are able to do it, I am not going to give you deadline. You are not. See, it is unbelief that is talking. Because one thing you don't understand is that, see, God has been working from January till now. That you don't see it yet does not me that nothing is happening. That's why the man of God told the woman, he said, in the time of life— time of life simply means 9 months— say, something is growing on the inside of me. Louder, say, something has been growing on the inside of me, and I am batting it forth in this month of August. Some of you, you don't like to look stupid. You know, the, the problem with many Christians is pride. You always want to appear sane. I have never seen a man that is operating by faith that appears to be sane. Before people. There is an element of insanity that accompanies the demonstration of faith. Everything is telling you to play safe. Tell me one act of faith that doesn't look abnormal. I'm bringing in the sheaves this month. In the name of Jesus. So it is fine if presently the only place you can declare it is in your private space. Start from there. As you keep speaking it, you are developing capacity. I am taking the city. I am smiting the city as one man. Are you getting what I'm saying here? Say, I am smiting the city as one man. I am swallowing my city. Some of you, you've just been scratching and scratching, but God is giving you the capacity to swallow up your city, and it is with the word of God you swallow the city. Because nothing can be bigger than God's word, because everything was from the word of God. By faith you understand that the worlds are framed by the word of God, so that the things which are seen are not made of the things that do appear. What are the things that do not appear real, but they do not, you know, have physical appearance? This word of God. When that word is in your mouth it will recreate your world. So even when you are in tears, make sure that the word of God is in your mouth. There are different seeds that are turning to sheaves of harvest in this month. I've talked about the seed of God's word, whether revelation from scripture or prophetic utterance that is spoken to you by the anointed. Another seed is the seed of giving. Are you getting what I'm saying here? This woman, this, this Shunammite woman, even in her situation, in her barrenness, she was still generous. That was the seed that heaven responded to. Does it occur to you that Abraham has had several encounters with God? Right from the time that God called him out of his father's house. He's the only man in scripture that was called the friend of God. The other man was Moses. Bible says that he spoke— God spoke to him face to face as a man talked to his friend. But for Abraham, in several instances, he was called the friend of God, yet nothing changed. The day he had the opportunity to give to the Lord, that day the Lord said, in time of life you will carry your baby. There was a time that God manifested to me. Bible says that thick darkness came upon him. And the Lord passed through the sacrifice, yet nothing happened. But the encounter, the encounter where he serviced the Lord, that was what sealed it. And I'm telling you, see, this month of August is the final installment For the manifestation of your testimonies. Say, my time of life has come. Many of you, this month is the month of your time of life. That is, this is the month you are due for that manifestation. So there is a seed of giving I have a word for somebody. I said this during Prophetic Vantage Night. This is what the Lord said to me in the place of prayer. The Lord said that this month will be the month for those who have been serving God. You've been serving and it is as though you have nothing tangible to show for it. Even your colleagues that are not doing anything close to what you are doing, it's as if they just have it so easy. This is the month that God has remembered you. Now I told you that when Bible talks about God remembering a man, it doesn't mean that God suffered amnesia. It is just to describe the experience. In theology, we call it anthropomorphism, where you use the experience of man to describe God's action. This month God has remembered your seed. He said he will remember your offering. He will remember your offering. Now you say you don't give offering. He said he will remember your offering. It will strengthen you out of the sanctuary. So there's also a seed of service. There's a seed of service. It says while you are in tears, make sure that you are engaging with these seeds. Is that very clear? There is seed of prayer. Hey, and the Spirit of God is putting a prayer point in my heart. As long as that prayer point is in your heart, it won't turn anything around though. It is the seed that is sown, it is the prayer that is paid, it is service that is offered. Amen to Jesus. It is the money that is given that brings about the ships. But this is my message this morning before we start rejoicing. Now, Bible says that those who went forth— oh, thank you, Lord Jesus— he said those that sow in tears shall reap in what? Hey, come on, talk to me. Hey, they shall reap in what? They shall reap in what? Now what this is simply saying is that joy is what creates the atmosphere for harvest. It says they shall reap in joy. So you must, you must come into that arena of joy for you to harvest. And then it says something. It says that he that goes forth and weepeth bearing precious seed shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him. Now my message is very simple, it's just about 5 minutes, and this is the message: it is possible that you pray and not receive. Now I'm not saying that it is possible for you to pray and God will not answer. God's answer to prayer is a covenant. It has nothing to do about you. Are you getting what I'm saying here? You will never do anything to earn answer from God than what has already been fulfilled in Christ. That is why we pray in his name. In his name simply means that the only thing that God can say no to Jesus to is what he will refuse you. But you must understand how to receive. The reason many Christians feel as if God has not answered them is because they know how to pray, but they've not been taught on how to receive. See, there is a spiritual science to receiving from God. And hear me, many of you, you have praying mothers, praying parents, and it is as though all their prayer is not bearing fruits. It is not because they didn't pray enough. It is because many of them, they lack the light on how to receive. Now, for example, Jesus said in Mark 11:24, he says that what things soever ye desire, when ye pray, he says, believe that you receive. When you pray, believe. When will you believe you receive? Say, when you pray, God's answer comes as instant. Have you sent a WhatsApp message maybe from one phone to another and the other phone is close to you and that thing enters instantly? Has it happened to you before? Come on, talk to me. Now technology has so much improved, you can transfer money from your account. I don't want to do advert for them, but you know the account I'm talking about. And instantly that thing enters the other account. In fact, one happened yesterday. My wife was sending, you know, some money to me, and then while our bank app is still rolling, that this thing is being processed, me, I've even finished spending the money. That's— see, that is technology, but God is more instant than that. We dwell in the realm of time. Technology functions in the realm of time, but God dwells in the realm of eternity. It doesn't take time. Tell your neighbor, say, it does not take time. See, it only takes that prayer. All things whatsoever you desire— see, you don't have desire yet until you pray it through. What you have is just wish. What registers your desire in the court of heaven is prayer. He said, what things you desire, when you pray, believe. You have no right to believe anything you've not prayed about. You know, the problem with many of you, you are thinking, I don't know what is going on, but I believe God will show you. Pray. It says you have desire, number one. You pray, number 2, then you believe. You are believing God for something you've not labored in prayer for. I don't even know whether this thing work. I don't even know this thing they even talking about. Say, ah, my son, it is you that don't know the way God distribute it. We, we know, we know, we know. Jesus told the woman by the well of Jacob, he said, you worship what you don't know, but we will know who we worship. Say, I know. Say, God answers prayer at the very instance of the act of prayer. All the promises of God in Christ Jesus, they are yea and amen. I know they told you in your campus fellowship God has 3 answers. It's either yes or no or wait. But God in his word says all my promises, they are yes and amen. The reason you have not seen the manifestation is because you don't understand the reception technology in God's answer system. And this is where joy comes in. You say you've been praying. There should be a time. Bible says that Anna went before the Lord and began to pray. If he had prayed religiously like everybody prayed, Eli wouldn't have mistaken her for a drunken person. There was something abnormal with her expression in the place of prayer. Pray like a drunken person. You, you always want to act— you always want to maintain your stance. I told you last week there's a difference between demure and demure. And I listened to that message again and I laughed. Now, when did I— Bible says that Hannah went before the Lord and continued praying, became multitude in prayer. Who became— it was just everywhere in the place of prayer. And when she told Eli, she said, I'm not drunk, I don't see me as a, as a daughter of Baal. It is out of the multitude of the burden, the bitterness of my soul, I have cried to the Lord. The man of God said, then you have it. You know what Bible says Anna did? I mean, her countenance changed. Her countenance changed. Her countenance changed. Many of you don't know when you are to switch from tears to joy. You have prayed, you've received a word from the Lord, you came to church, and the man of God— many of you have told me so many things. One of my daughters just woke up, and then the thing the doctor said that they found something in her breast and all that, and I gave her a word, and she said, Pastor, that word is the same word I was meditating on before I came to church. But after that, don't you know that it is time for you to change your countenance? Because answer comes in joy. Now you are confusing the angels, because as they see you keep crying out, they are thinking, oh yeah, you are still dealing with the matter, you are still dealing with the matter. You change your countenance. Give me 1 Samuel chapter 1, verse 18, quickly. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, I said I'm not going to preach this morning. I won't teach this morning, rather. But you need to get this. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Let us Let us get the full gist from verse 12. And it came to pass, as she continued praying before the Lord— as she— many of you, you pray but you did not continue praying. You just say some words of prayer and you are shocked that nothing happened. You pray and keep checking. As she continued praying, the Hebrew word there means, and she became multitude in the place of prayer. See, have you prayed and your prayer generates the effect of 1,000 people? One day I was on the field, then I was in 200 level in Laotek. Oh, those days I just go to the field to pray. Ah, great. You see, we have labored. I prayed one day, and it's not just the only incident. I prayed, I prayed, and when I got to school the following day, several people walked up to me and said that you were on the field yesterday praying. I said yes. A brother said— not just one, about 2, 3 brothers— they said that your voice was sounding as though there were about 10, about 1,000 people that were praying. I've heard that so many times. They'll say that if Bishop— they call me Bishop— if Bishop is praying, you would think that there are 1,000 people in the room. This thing doesn't just come about, Father, do it. Father, Father, do it. That kind of prayer is also valid. But you must know the moment you must continue in prayer. But Pastor, I prayed. I told you now, you've been praying, but this time pray and check again. Because what you must understand is that every prayer is an act of seeding the cloud. Go read about the cloud seeding technology. That is what the Arab countries that were known to be a desert country Now they are having problem with flood. Through technology, they seeded the cloud over their nation. That was what Elijah was doing on Mount Carmel. He was seeding the cloud. It is not enough that there is a prophecy of the dream here. You need to ascend on top of the mountain and seed the cloud over your finance, over your marriage. Continue in prayer. Prayerlessness has made God to look like a liar. Now Hannah, she spake in her heart, only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard. Therefore Eli thought she had been drunken. And Eli said unto her, how long wilt thou be drunken? Put away thy wine from thee. And Hannah answered and said, no, my lord, I am a woman of a sorrowful spirit. I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink, but have poured out my soul before the Lord. Count not thy handmaid for a daughter of Belial, for out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken hitherto. She's been speaking to her husband before. She even locked the man and said, you give me a child or I die. And I realized that man cannot help me. You have taken too much time discussing your matter with people that you are just giving them new material for gist. They cannot help you. Even that woman, as close as her husband was to her, her husband asked her, hope everything is fine. She said, everything is fine. I'm not going to talk to people that don't have the anointing to change my life. Many of you, you like to build pity party around yourself. You like to just talk about your problem. You You have to make up your mind. I'm not talking to anybody that doesn't have the anointing to change my life. She told her own husband that they shared the tithe together, said everything is fine, and went to the man of God. She realized that she's been fighting the wrong people. She was fighting the other wife, fighting the husband, fighting everybody. Then she caught that understanding. I think I need to pour my soul. Some of you, your soul is messed up, twisted, bitter. I'm telling you, if you can carry it to the Lord, it will become an energy capital for prayer. And this is where we are going. And Bible says Count not thy handmaid. Okay. And then Eli answered and said, go in peace, and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him. Many of you don't even understand the role of the anointed in your life, that when you have prayed, the answer of God is that he will send the man of God with an utterance to you. That's why you don't come to church casually. You don't come to church casually. Imagine she had not prayed. This prayer is a priestly prayer that he prayed on every other person, but on the matter of Hannah, the answer was different. She didn't come to church like every other person. And Bible says— thank you, Lord Jesus— and Bible says And then she said, let thy handmaid find grace in thy sight. So the woman went away and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad. That is when the shifts can now come in. Some of you have prayed, but it is your countenance— many of you, you have prayed, it is your complaints after prayer. You have prayed, but it is your sadness that is creating an energy, a negative vibe that is preventing your ships from coming in. After she received the word from the anointed, Bible says that her countenance changed. It is her decision. Bible said there's time for everything, and the Lord said I should tell somebody listening to me That your season of tears have been over the last 3 months, but you did not know that if you put on the garment of joy, in the next 3 days, that thing you have prayed for, fasted for, sowed seed towards will enter your hand. Let your countenance change. That is what the herding saw. You say, ah, no biggie, this be this. I know him, he's perpetually sad. It's always— do you know there's some people, they have, they have a permanent face that is frowning? No, they don't frown, they're frank. You know, there's frown, then there's frank. How many of you realize it was not frank until you got to maybe secondary school? Praise God. And it didn't help the matter. You went to Coco Michael Nursery and Primary School. Praise God. He said, ah, no be God do this. God must have done something great for them. And he said, yes, he has done something great for us. We are off, we are glad. You must know the time for you to put off that face of sadness and put in laughter and singing in your mouth. That is the harbinger of the things you are expecting. That is how you release the vibe. And as you are rejoicing, the people that have role to play in the manifestation are catching the vibe. Some of you have been taught to pray, but you did not realize that as you have prayer time, you should have a joy time. That all you are doing is just to rejoice to the Lord, because that is the device that brings in the harvest. Bible says with joy, with rejoicing, they will bring in the sheaves. You hear people say, like I said, when you pray, try praise. I'm telling you, you can quote me anywhere. It is true. I know some people will say, I know, uh, there are some people that know the word more than the scripture. Look at the sequence of devotion. Bible says they prayed and then they praise God. After you have prayed, the way you receive the answer is through joy. So it is not that God has not answered. You had not created the climate for those answers to manifest. And joy is the atmosphere of heaven. When Bible says that you pray that the will of God is done on earth as it is done in heaven, Paul said that, see, the kingdom of God is not in meat and drink only. It is first in joy. Joy was the first thing, even before peace, before righteousness. Joy in the Holy Ghost. So joy of the Holy Ghost is the way you create the atmosphere of heaven on earth. Is that very clear? Glory to God. Say, I have joy in my heart. Louder. Say, I have joy in my heart. Say, I have the joy of the Holy Ghost. Hey, say, I have the joy of the Holy Ghost.
