Ultimate promise of God to the patriarchs. When you read about God's promise to Abraham, God's promise under the Old Covenant, The fulfillment of all the promises of God is in the giving of the Spirit. Glory to God! Hallelujah! So there are many scriptures that talked about the giving of the Spirit. God pouring out his Spirit upon all flesh. God puts in his Spirit in the hearts of men and all that. And here God told Zechariah, he said he's going to pour out the spirit of grace and supplication. And anywhere God talks about the giving of a spirit or the promise of a spirit, he often indicates a particular ministry of the Holy Spirit or what the Holy Spirit is going to do in the life of his people. Hallelujah! You know, he told Ezekiel, he said that he's going to take a stony heart out of them and then he will give them the heart of flesh. He said they will give them the Spirit, and what the Spirit is going to do is that the Spirit is going to enable them to walk according to his will. The Spirit is going to enable them, and that is what we call the fruit of the Spirit. Hallelujah! But here God told Zechariah, he said he will pour his Spirit upon his people, and then he gave a specific description of what the Spirit is going to accomplish. He said the Spirit of grace and supplication. Say after me, say the Spirit of grace. Hey, louder, say the Spirit of grace and supplication. So it means that the ministry of the Holy Spirit is going to cover the prayer aspect of the believer's life. You know, we, we take so many things for granted as believers, especially for those who are filled with the Spirit. And you know, David looked into our day. I know what he said. He said, blessed is the man unto whom God will not impute sin. He said, blessed are those whose sins are forgiven. So it means that while you, you know, admire David's walk with God, he's a man after God's heart, David looked into your days. And he said that I want, I desire what these people have. Amen. You know, it was Jesus was talking to the Jews and he told them, he said, see, greater than Solomon is here. In fact, he told them, Solomon in all his glory was not as clothed as this grass. Hallelujah! Praise God! And what is he saying? He's saying that you have it better now than they had it. Say after me, say, I have it better now. Hey, louder, say, I have it better now. You know, when you read the story of, you know, the prophets and the patriarchs, their encounter with God, you are tempted to desire those kind of encounter. Amen. Wouldn't you like to be the one walking through the Red Sea on dry ground? Amen. How many of you will not mind eating manna for 40 years? I know many of you because you like food. You don't even understand the context. Praise God. But you see, we have it better in the New Covenant than they had it under the Old Covenant. Is that very clear? Okay, so, so I was talking about the promise of God. So he said that I'm going to pour out the spirit of grace and supplication, and that is very profound. It means that as believers, you will never need to struggle with your prayer life. You know, the problem with many Christians is that We like what God promised in his word, but we do not pay attention to how to come into the experience of that promise. For example, you say people like prosperity. There's nobody that doesn't like prosperity, but people don't walk in obedience. Hallelujah! Praise God forevermore! Just like you, you like to have a fervent prayer life, you would love to be the kind of person that every moment of your life you are living it in prayer. But you see, you need to understand the way that God has made available for that possibility. So he told them, he said, I will pour the Spirit of grace and supplication, which means that one of the expressions or the ministry of the Holy Spirit in the lives of my people is the enablement to pray. Is that very clear? Enablement to pray. In fact, you know, Bible says that God has given us the Spirit of sonship whereby we cry, Abba, Father. So it means that the cry of the believer is enabled by the Spirit. Many Christians are not conscious of the presence and the ministry of the Holy Spirit in their life, and that is the sole reason why many people are struggling. So you need to understand that the Christian life is designed to be empowered by the Holy Spirit. You are going to struggle in your walk with God. You are going to struggle in your prayer life. You will struggle with Bible study. You will struggle with your entire Christian life Until you are conscious, you practice the presence of God. And practicing God's presence, it simply means that you being conscious of the presence of the Holy Spirit in your life. Amen. I'm driving out somewhere this evening. Praise God forevermore. Praise God forevermore. So God said, I'm going to pour out the spirit of grace as supplication. So that means as a believer, you will not have to see— now pay attention to me— anytime you find yourself struggling— now the reason many people don't have a prayer life is that they, they struggle to pray. But then you need to understand the provision of God out of that position, it is the Spirit. Is that very clear? So God does not want you to try to reach out to him through your sheer human efforts. He has made a way in the Holy Ghost. Say, God has made a way for me in the Holy Ghost. He has given us the Spirit, he said, whereby we cry, Abba, Father. Now let me, let me read some scriptures to you so that you can, you know, appreciate the ministry of the Holy Spirit in your life as believer. Let's see Romans chapter 8, verse 26. Likewise the Spirit also helps our infirmities, for we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spirit himself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God. Praying— okay, sorry. So it says he maketh intercession for the saints according to what? The will of God. So we see in this text that prayer is meant to be aided by the Holy Spirit. Prayer is what is meant to be aided by the Holy Spirit. It says he helps our infirmities. Now the infirmities here is not talking about medical condition. All right, it is talking about the limitation of the man, the limitation of the mind, the limitation of the human strength, the limitation of the human understanding. Praise God. So Bible says the Holy Spirit helps this limitation, for we know not what we should pray for as we ought. We don't know what we should pray for as we ought. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. See, you owe it to God to fulfill your purpose on earth. You owe it to God to fulfill your purpose on earth because you have the Holy Spirit. There's nobody— no believer should have an excuse of not having a robust prayer life A vibrant prayer life because you have the Holy Spirit. He says, this is one of the reasons why I've given you the Spirit. He is the Spirit of grace and supplication. So he helps our infirmities, he bears us up in the time of weakness, in a time of trouble. He helps our inadequacy. He taketh all together with us. Hallelujah! He taketh all together with us. Oh, praise God forevermore. Ephesians chapter 6, verse 18. Now I'm just laying foundation for what I'm going to be teaching this evening. Ephesians 6:18, praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, praying always with what? All prayer and supplication in the Spirit. All prayer. Somebody say all prayer, including the one you pray in your bathroom, including the one you pray in the kitchen, plus the one you pray behind the wheels when you are driving. It says all prayer in the Spirit. So God— now please pay attention to me— so God never anticipates any moment of your life or any moment of prayer prayed without the aid of the Holy Ghost. Are you getting what I'm saying here? Okay, let me repeat myself. God never anticipates, God never expects you to pray any prayer, whether a casual— what you call a casual prayer. You know, I've taught you this, that as believers you must learn how to place premium on your prayer. As believers, there's nothing like casual prayer. Your 1-minute prayer can work wonders. See, the potency of your prayer has a lot to do with the value, the weight you place on it, the expectation, the confidence in your heart that this prayer will produce results. Because for many reasons, for many people, the reason they are not seeing results in their prayer life is not even because they are not praying well. It's even not because they are not praying without the consciousness— it is not because they are praying without the consciousness of the Holy Spirit. It's not because they are not following the principles that govern prayer. The problem is that they do not have expectation. They do not place premium on their prayer. I don't have anything called casual prayer. I've seen cripple walk with casual prayer. I've seen the dead risen back to life with what you call casual prayer. Because many times, maybe, maybe the difference between you and an anointed man of God, all right, is the value placed on prayer. And that is why I tell you If it occurs to you that, hey, you've not been praying, right there at that moment, start praying. The prayer you pray at that moment is not less powerful, is not less effective than the one you pray when you clear your schedule. Are you getting what I'm saying here? You may just be able to generate more power. But you know the interesting thing? When Bible talks about the tremendous power that is made available The tremendousness of that power is not primarily in volume. It is in the essence and the nature of that power. Because see, the effectiveness of the things of the Spirit is not measured by volume. That's why when the disciples said that, hey, pray for us that our faith will increase— see, this thing, the things of the Spirit, is not primarily by volume. It is you placing premium. Are you getting what I'm saying? Say, I have no casual prayer. Praise God. Say, even my casual prayer— louder— say, even my casual prayer causes casualties in the camp of the enemy. There's nothing like casual prayer. Glory to God, praise God forevermore. So Bible says praying all prayer, praying always, always. That is the frequency of your prayer. Then he said all prayer. All prayer. Last week I taught you different kinds of prayer. Praise God. I taught you prayer of intercession. I taught you supplication. I taught you prayer of inquiry, prayer of consecration. I talked about commanding prayer. Praise God forevermore. And the other prayer I can't even remember now. Prayer of what? Oh, worship. Thank you very much. So you see, all this prayer— he said you pray all prayer in the Spirit. So it means that God never expected you. He knows that you have infirmity in your flesh. He knows that you can wake up without appetite for prayer. He anticipated it. The more your low moment is not a shock to God. God is not offended. God is not grieved by your low moments. He anticipated it, and then he made provision in the Holy Ghost. He said, I will give you the spirit of grace and supplication. Amen. You know the reason many people don't have effective prayer? Their prayer is not generating enough impact. It's because they have mental picture. Of what powerful prayer looks like. And devil likes that mindset. Devil will keep using the picture to guilt-trip you, and you can never rise to do what you are— you can never rise above what you are guilty of. Have you struggled with a bad habit and you really feel guilty about it, but the feeling of guilt never stops you? From repeating it. Devil just like you to— he likes to guilt-trip you. So you have a mentor that they told you the way, ah, the way Ayobabalola prayed. Amen. And then we found out that some of those stories were not even really true. Of course some are true, but even if all the stories are true, it was the Spirit. I don't want to get ahead of myself because I'm still going to get to that in this teaching. So you need to understand that I said something, I think I did a video, I don't know whether it is out, that you see, as a believer, you must learn to find your rhythm in the spirit. Is that very clear? You should what? Find your rhythm. Now, while you are trying to discipline yourself to wake up in the midnight to pray, don't live in condemnation to now think the one you pray in the morning or afternoon is not effective. Because now you see some, some folks will talk about, you know, how we did 18 hours and all that. And as I always say, it is good for you to have such discipline. You should have moments where you just stretch in the place of prayer. I'm planning we're going to do that in the month of September. If you pick a prophecy I gave while I was preaching, was it on Sunday? September we are stretching. September we are stretching. Because anytime you will receive a word on stretching, let your first response to be in prayer. Because prayer is how we stretch the borders of our hearts. But then you see, you must understand— now you will agree with me that there was actually nowhere in scripture that shows that the apostles, they prayed 24 hours at stretch. Are you getting what I'm saying here? Now, what I am communicating to you is this: never allow the devil to guilt-trip you. You will never— you will never— see, it doesn't matter your intention, you will not be able to rise up in prayer when you keep having guilt. That's why I said that the prayer of a righteous man— so you need the consciousness of that righteousness for you to rise up. What condemnation does is that it suppresses your prayer life. Have you made up your mind to pray for them? You remember one bad thing you did. Maybe now you have better light. Maybe when you were growing up in faith and all that, you just remember one bad thing that you did, and right there is as if they pour ice water on you and all your excitement, the passion just got deflated. That's the spirit of religion. Find your reading and then grow with it. Is that very clear? Amen. All prayer Louder, say after me. Say, all prayer. Louder, say, all prayer. I can't hear you. Say, all prayer. All prayer and supplication. A what? In the spirit. So one of the ministries of the Holy Spirit in your life is to supply all the aids that you need to pray. So God never expects you to pray any prayer outside the help of the Holy Spirit. The reason many Christians are struggling with prayer is because they do not have a conscious relationship. Now, whether you are conscious of the presence of the Holy Spirit or not, you have a relationship with him. But you need to have a conscious relationship with the Holy Spirit, and that is what we call the practice of God's presence. And one of the things the practice of the presence of the Holy Spirit does is this: it helps you to pray spontaneously. Do you know they, they asked Smith Wigglesworth, they said, sir, please tell us— how many of you know Smith Wigglesworth? Praise God. I think we should be having criteria to admit people for hearing of faith. How many of you know Smith Wigglesworth? All right, now you, you hear the amazing things that God did through this man of God. Amazing things. He raises the dead as if he's waking people from sleep. Now they asked him, they said, please tell us your spirit, tell us, tell us your secrets, tell us your secrets. We know that this thing can never be possible without a robust prayer life. Tell us your prayer secrets. And he said that I have never prayed more than 30 minutes. I've never prayed more than 20 minutes at a time in my life, but there is no 20 minutes that pass without me praying because there is no formula to this thing. Now, when we encourage you to do a minimum of 1 hour in tongues daily, it is to stretch, it is to exercise yourself, because the thing is this: If you can do 1 hour praying in tongues on daily basis, it's just like you exercising. You are doing morning walk, morning jog, and all that. Now if they tell you that, hey, bandits are here, you have the stamina. And see, that you see danger does not mean that you have the strength to run. Yoruba has a saying, that a forlorn crippled man will not be a victim of war, because before the one will come close, he knows his condition, he would have vanished. Amen. Praise God forevermore. So you must learn to find your rhythm. He said, I have never prayed for more than 20 minutes. So if he says he has never prayed for more than 20 minutes, that means that at a stretch he prays under most 20 minutes. Look at the great things that God did with him. Oh, Pastor is saying that I can now reduce my prayer to 20 minutes. That's your cup of tea. Praise God. You know, I, I remember when I just started out in ministry And then I devoured— oh my God, I have read virtually everything that Kenneth Hagin ever wrote, including manuscripts that didn't go into publication. And then I stumbled on one of his books, and when he said that he has never fasted for more than 3 days, I was angry that, God, are you a racist? Why is it that this thing is so easy for these Oyinbo people but for us? See, at that moment I began to pay more attention to Oyinbo minister. Because if you listen to an African pastor, they just make this thing to look so lofty you cannot attain it. It is spiritual elitism. Even Jesus said that greater works than me— thank God that it was not an African man. Jesus was not an African man. You want to raise the dead, you know what, you know this thing now. You want to raise the dead, ah, you will need to first do 12 hours, 6 months at stretch, then you add midnight to it. Then by then we know that you are ready. You can't hear those. How many people have been able to see? You can never You can never motivate God's people to do God's will by fear. Say, in the days of thy power, thy people shall be willing. And then I read Benny Hinn. Benny Hinn said almost the same thing. I think he just said that he has never done more than 3 hours. Did these people do it? Is it that God have different standard for us in Africa? Because the story that me, I hear from— you have to do 40 days. And I, I attended. I think that the max marathon I've done is 21, above 21. Praise God. I wanted to do 40, but I heard God. How many of you have locked yourself up in the room and said that, God, if you don't appear to me, I will die? I've said it many times and I came out alive. Nobody will tell you, you'll be the one that will know. Amen. Glory to God. So what am I saying? Whatever the level you are presently, one thing you must do away with to rise up on the wings of the Spirit is condemnation, and then find your reading. Prayer. Because one thing that many people don't understand is this, you know, God said that he gives the spirit of grace and supplication. See, this thing, and he measures. Oh, there are some people that the assignment, what God wants to use them for— for example, you have table knife. Then you have kitchen knife. Then there is the one that butchers use. Then there are those that doctors use. Different degree of sharpness. Now there are some people, because of the kind of assignment that God have for Apostle Ayodele Babalola, there is a certain dimension of engine that God puts on the inside of him that you don't need. Those are those here in the realm of the spirit, they are bulldozers. You know what they call dozers? They are bulldozers. Their assignment is to uproot iroko trees. Now you, that your assignment is to wither the small, small grass, your own role is not less important in the kingdom. Apostle Ayobabala, this man— and really, that man has a very strong prayer life. Imagine they hand over a microphone to you for you to just close a prayer meeting, and then you close it for 3 days. That's not normal. Amen. Praise God. But you, you can't cook such thing up. You will have to be energized by a spirit. The same thing is applicable to fasting. Every single time people did 40 days fasting in scripture, it was not out of sheer will. It is not a formula. They were done with it and then they realized that they have done 40 days because God will have to release the spirit of grace and supplication. Are you following what I'm saying? So he says all prayer. See, after me, say all prayer louder. Say all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, in the Spirit, watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints. So the reason we encourage you to have certain hours of prayer, on the minimum you pray daily, is for you to maximize what you have in Christ Jesus. It is for you to exercise yourself in the things of the Spirit, because the matter will come up that will require you to tarry in the place of prayer. If you have not exercised yourself consistently on daily basis, you will not— if you faint in the days of adversity, your strength is small. So all of this is just to build a system that will enable you to grow. Praise God forevermore. Jude 20 says, but ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in what? In the flesh? In the Holy Ghost. So you see that every time God talks about prayer in his word, it is with the aid of Spirit. Now, when you are not conscious of the ministry of the Holy Spirit, then you struggle. Now, my point is that prayer, right from the Old Testament, when God promised the Spirit, he let us understand that he is going to come with the Spirit of grace and supplication. You see it in 1 Corinthians chapter 14. Glory to God. It says, how was it then? How we pray with the Spirit and how we pray with understanding also. When you are praying with the Spirit, what is going on? It is the Holy Spirit supplying utterance, supplying utterance. Praise God, praise God. So all the scriptures shows us one thing, that God never expects you to have a prayer life. In fact, he does not expect you to have a prayer moment outside the help of the Holy Spirit. So what I want to teach you this evening is how to respond to the help of the Holy Spirit. How to respond. You can learn all kinds of prayer, you can listen to all teachings, but if you do not know how to respond to the Spirit of grace and supplication, you will still not have a prayer life. Holy Spirit enables us to pray. 2 things God said in that verse. He said he will give you the spirit of one grace and then supplication. This grace is an enablement of the Holy Spirit. Then supplication. Now what is supplication? Supplication is an earnest petition made to God. Supplication, it's emphasizing the earnest, the fervency with which you make your petition known to God. Glory to God. Heartfelt, heartfelt request. Glory to God. You see, you, you can pray, you can pray for, let's say, maybe 10 minutes and generate more results than you pray for 1 hour. What makes the difference is how earnest the prayer is. I think I once thought on this. When God sent Isaiah to tell Hezekiah that he should pack up, he's going to die. And Bible says that Hezekiah turned to the wall and he didn't pray in tongues. He didn't pray in tongues. He just, he just— that is petition. Petition is a specific request. It's a specific request. That specific request that you have, that, oh God, you know, one of the reasons why I— and God forbid that you end this year without the prophecy of the dream year not being fulfilled in your life, because see, dream year is not a petition. There must be something specific that reflects the dream prophecy. If the prayer is vague, it is not a petition. Now, for those who have written petition to maybe the police before, you know you have to be specific on what you are writing petition on. Oh, somebody is trying to claim your land, then you will have to, in that petition, you have to state where the land is located, when you bought the land. You will attach documents that prove that you are the rightful owner of the property. Then you have to talk about what they are doing to the land and the specific thing you want the government to intervene on. Is that very clear? That is petition. You know, interestingly, you know, Paul was writing to the church and said, see, be anxious for nothing. He said, but with what? Prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, make your petition known unto God. So there must be specificity. That is what makes it a petition. Father, bless me. That's not petition. Is that very clear? Oh, do you know that the gift of the Holy Ghost is the blessing of Abraham? Oh, you didn't know that we will receive the blessing of Abraham? Which is the Holy Spirit. Healing is a blessing. Are you still there? He said all spiritual blessings in the heavenly places, but in petition you've got to be specific. And you see, the reason many people pray a prayer that is not heartfelt is because there is no specification— no specificity, rather. On that prayer. That's how you press. Brought the cause of the high. Our Father, as I go out today, bless me, bless me, bless me, bless me, bless me, bless me. How? He has already blessed you, isn't it? So a prayer for blessing It's not a petition. He has already blessed you with all spiritual blessings in the heavenly places. So when you just say, Father, bless me, you are actually asking for what he has already done. But now you want an outworking of that blessing in your life. Oh Father, bless my family with a new house. We desire a 5-bedroom duplex. That is petition. That is petition. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. You've been writing application, you are not getting a favorable response. And you table the matter before the Lord, that is petition. And one thing about petition is this, you stay on it until you receive an answer of peace. Are you following what I'm saying? So petition is the specific request, the heartfelt prayer you pray regarding those things. Is the supplication. Is that very clear? So you cannot actually separate supplication from what? From petition. So supplication is how you pray. It is the intensity with which you present your case before the Lord. Glory to God. Thank you, Holy Spirit. Thank you, Holy Spirit. Thank you, Holy Spirit. I want to just repeat this again. God never intended, designed prayer to be offered without the help of the Holy Spirit. But are you yielding to this help? Are you yielding to the Holy Spirit? That's why I say you must never leave your day without conscious awareness of the presence of the Holy Spirit. There's something about awareness, it makes you to respond. Now you can be in a house, you can be in a room with a snake. As long as you don't know, you won't react to it. I remember many years ago, I was— my mom told me to go get something from a particular spot in the room, and as I lifted the basket, I saw a snake coiled under the basket. I bolted. So the man that came to kill the snake, he said, from the look of things, this snake has actually been here for a very long time, but we never knew. The same thing is applicable to the things of the Spirit. When you are not conscious of it, you cannot respond to it. Some of you thought that you are prayerless, you don't have a passion for prayer. It is not true. You have— he says he has given you the Spirit whereby you cry. So it means you can't cry without the Spirit. Maybe I should run you through how the Holy Spirit aids you in prayer. I taught on this last year during Rivers Camp Meeting. Glory to God. The first thing the Holy Spirit helps you on in prayer is to prompt you to pray. Praise God! The Holy Spirit prompts you to pray. The Spirit of God creates or awakens the desire to pray. It sensitizes you. It draws your attention to matters that require urgent prayer. He prompts us to pray. Now it doesn't matter how you feel before the prompting comes. The one who prompts you to pray is the one that will supply the grace and supplication. But you see, most times we miss this ministry of the Holy Spirit because we always look at ourselves. We always look at ourselves. It doesn't matter how you felt, it doesn't matter the feeling you have before the prompting comes. All that God requires from you is to just yield. He will take it up from there. Just yield. Sometimes you can just even say, Holy Spirit, I know you want me to pray. I'm feeling so weak, I'm feeling so fatigued, I don't feel like. Please help me, help me, and stay there. If you tell him to help you, you don't walk away, just stay there. A man of God asked Pastor Adeboye, he said, please, can you just give me insight? Into your prayer life. And Baba said that sometimes I am just in God's presence and all I could just muster is Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Bible says the name of the Lord is a strong tower. Oh, some of you don't even understand that if Jesus is the only thing that you can say. Oh, you don't understand that. See, sometimes God, I beg can mean different things. Ah, you don't know. See, the one who have 20 prayer points but just praying it— that's why sometimes you can almost think that I am discouraging prayer points. Because, because many times when you are prayer point oriented with your prayer life, you will miss a lot. In fact, the one that says, God, I beg endlessly. Ha! I remember one time I learned this lesson from someone on a mountain. You know, I, I, I think I told you tonight I used to go on mountain to pray. And then I was praying not too far from this guy, and this guy was just the same prayer point. God, have mercy. The way he was saying is as if he's saying that, God, I beg God. And he stayed with that prayer for days. Are you getting what I'm saying here? It is harnessed. You see, all the things you are calling, whatever you are saying, you are conveying thoughts. Are you getting what I'm saying here? You are simply conveying thoughts. So you, you don't have to say the same thing a thousand ways. Bible says that Jesus kept going back after coming to wake the disciples. Bible says he went back to pray the same thing. And I want to practice this. When you have a serious issue to deal with, learn to pray a focused prayer that even if you have other things— now that doesn't mean that you can actually bombard God with so— like you can confuse heaven when your prayer point is too much. It is not for sake of heaven, it is for the sake of your own earnest prayer. Like I said, Christians can be so deluded. Christians are the only ones you will see who are not praying, but they are surprised that their life is the way it is. I don't even know what is going on. My job is not going the way it is. My business— he, he's not praying. He blames everything but himself. And devil likes it. Praise God! Oh, glory to God! Can you just pray in the spirit? Pray in the spirit. Glory to God, glory to God, glory to God. So before you start complaining, ask yourself, have I truly prayed over this matter? We just catch ourselves that it's as if we have been having too much conversation about this issue. But we have not prayed about it, but it has never failed. I'm telling you, this is one of the ways the devil has robbed many believers of the best that God has for them. Devil will never mind, he will not interfere in your conversation about the problem except the attempt to pray about it. Praise God. You know, I stumbled on this scripture, you know, one time. Proverbs 19:3. Proverbs 19:3. It says, the foolishness of a person ruins his way, and his heart rages against the Lord. The NIV says, a person's own folly leads to their ruin, yet their heart rages against God. One translation says that the foolishness of a man destroys their life, then they turn to blame God. Praise God! So the Holy Spirit prompts us, but you must learn how to respond to this prompting. He will pour out the Spirit of grace and supplication. You must learn how to respond to it. The reason it looks as if you don't have a prayer life, the reason it looks as though you don't pray when you ought to, is because you always rely on your own strength. You always judge that moment by how you feel. There is supply. And I'm telling you, the supply of God's Spirit is epichoregia. Amen. Oh, glory to God. How many of you still remember that teaching? My daughter was sharing that message with me on— I mean, yesterday on the dining. I said, do you remember the message you preached on epichoregia? I was like, how will you even be— I had to rehearse the Greek word before I mastered it. And you just say it casually like that. The supply of the Spirit is not always at the level of your need. It always surpasses that. Even if you're at your lowest point, the supply of the Spirit of grace will be so overwhelming that you will float out of the valley. But you must learn to respond to the prompting. I've said it so many times that that sad feeling— not every sad emotion is a depression. Sometimes it is the expression of the Holy Ghost through your emotion that a battle is approaching. Rise up. Because Holy Spirit does not just communicate to us through words alone. Sometimes he communicates through emotion. He has emotion. Bible says that do not grieve. You can only grieve someone that has emotion. So not every sad feeling is mood swing. Be spiritual. That's how many people have fully sunk into depression because they never understood the emotion of the Spirit. He's the one prompting you to pray. Hallelujah! Are you getting what I'm saying here? He's the one prompting you to pray. He awakens you. He intimates you about what is— sometimes you don't even know the reason why you're praying. I remember one time I was, I was in my pastor's car, we were driving from one town to our base. We went for a meeting, it was an all-night meeting, so after the meeting we were coming back to our base. It was an interstate journey, and I was, I was seated at the back with the kids. The wife was seated beside him, and, you know, of course he was driving. And we just got to a particular spot, and I just have the prompting to pray. You know, this is me in my pastor's car. I do not want to sound so spiritual. I don't even know that kind of setting. I don't want to appear as if I'm trying to be spiritual. I'm in my pastor's car. So I was suppressing it, but the urge was rising strong. I just yielded to it and I began to pray in tongues. It wasn't up to 10 minutes, we ran into an accident. We hit a soldier. Some of you have heard me tell the story a number of times. We hit a soldier. In fact, we thought that the guy was dead. You would never have met me if not for the help of the Holy Spirit. That was the first and the only time guns, rifles, about 6 or 7 of them were pointed at us. And I was already saying my last prayer that God have mercy, please let me make heaven, please let me make heaven, please forgive all my sins. And Holy Spirit told me, he said, if you had not yielded to the prompting of the Holy Spirit, something else would have happened. I told you, many times bad things happen to good people because we allow the devil to gain it starts, before we are awakened to the consciousness that there is warfare. Just imagine, imagine you, you, 2 people are, they are racing to a direction. Let's say you are running from here to, uh, you're running from here to Lekki Phase 1. Now you thought that the person you are running with is around you, but somehow you've been distracted and the person is already somewhere around Chevron or Orchid, and you are going to the same direction. That person has head start. Are you getting what I'm saying? So learn to respond to the promptings. Many of you, when the Holy Spirit is prompting you, you look around you. My children is fine, everything is fine. What is going on? Some of you just feel like, why am I feeling like this? What happened? What happened? Nothing happened now. I didn't fight anybody. I don't have offense in my heart. Why am I feeling this way? Can you just go and watch Sabinus Jare to lighten the mood? Now you watch Sabinus, you watch everything, that thing is still hanging. You can only dissipate such burden in the place of prayer. And I'm telling you that never judge by how you feel. Even when you don't feel like praying, just yield to his help. Because God never planned that you have a prayer life outside the Holy Spirit. Not even a prayer life. He never intended that you will have any prayer moment. He said all prayer, always. In the spirit. So the Holy Spirit is always there. Even when I sense the burden in the bedroom, even when I am in the toilet— there's nowhere you find yourself, just trust the Holy Spirit. Because what gives potency to your prayer is not the words you speak, it is the utterance that the Holy Spirit is supplying. Some of the people that have the funniest sound of tongue are the most dangerous people. Oh, glory to God. So you don't judge potency by the vocabularies. And I'm telling you, see, we don't always speak the same tongue. Now I'm even talking about myself. Sometimes the tongue you hear me speak in church is different from the one that comes out of my mouth in the place of prayer. You know, I was praying one day and the person I was praying with had to record. Now, this is many years ago. I was still an undergraduate. I think I was in 300 level, and the person had to record the prayer. He said, very— I don't understand. Listen to— like, he said the person kept that prayer on their phone for a very long time. In fact, they use it for ringing tone. Even me myself, I heard. I was like, did this thing come out of my mouth? It is you praying with all the earnestness you can gather in your heart. Glory to God. The Holy Spirit also supplies utterance. Now I'm telling you the ministry, what the Spirit of God supplies. What this spirit of grace and supplication does to you regarding prayer. So what's the first thing? It prompts you. Then the second thing is that it supplies utterance. Acts chapter 2, Bible says that the Holy Ghost gave them utterance, but they did the speaking. They spoke as the Holy Spirit gave them utterance. So what the Holy Spirit gives you is utterance. This utterance is breath of the Spirit. That is where the power lies. The power is not in the vocabulary, it is in the breath that comes out of your spirit. That breath is the cry. Utterance And in this utterance, it is only to your understanding that this utterance is not intelligible. This utterance is intelligible to the ears of God. Bible says that the one who knows the hearts of men— oh, praise God forevermore! Let's go back to Romans chapter 8. Thank you, Lord Jesus. And he that searcheth the hearts knows what is in the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God. According to the will of God. Now let me show you something in the book of 1 Corinthians. Thank you, Father. Oh, glory to God. Glory, glory, glory to God. Verse 10: For to us God revealed them through his Spirit, for the Spirit searches all things, even the depths of God. Glory to God. The Spirit does what? He searches all things, even the depths of God. The Holy Ghost knows the depths of God's plan for your life. Now you are there, you are dreaming to have a dream year, a dream year with a great job, a dream year with your own apartment where you are no longer answerable to any lawyer, a dream year where you now have your SUV. And that is your dream. Yeah, but Bible says the Holy Spirit knows the depths of God, because what is in your mind are the surface things, the surface plan of God for your life, the one that your mind can easily interpret. But I'm telling you, there are depths to God's plan for your life, and Holy Spirit knows about all things. He knows about all things. Hallelujah! Praise God! Say, the Holy Spirit— hey, come on, louder! Say, the Holy Spirit searches all things, even the deep things of God. Oh my God, the deep things of God, the deep plans of God for my life. Those are the utterances supplied unto you in the place of prayer. If you leave your prayer life to your understanding, you'll only be asking for the things that your mind can relate with, and you can only ask for what you know. Glory to God. Now just imagine, just, just imagine that you, you tell a woman, an old woman that is illiterate, that lives in a village, that has never in her life, never in her life heard of iPhone before, and you say that, uh, Mama, which one will you want, iPhone 17 or Nokia? Do you know that if she's familiar with Nokia, she will definitely go for Nokia because that is what he knows? There are best things in God's for your life you don't know. So if you leave your prayer life to what your understanding can process, you will miss the best things that is in the plan of God for your life. And so when the Holy Spirit supplies utterance, this utterance is communicating the deep things unto God. Praise God forevermore. It is an encrypted conversation. Now Paul says in Romans that God knows the hearts. He knows the hearts of men. He knows what is in the mind of the Spirit. The Spirit too knows what is in the mind of God. Oh, you didn't get that? Bible says in Romans 8 that the Spirit— I'm sorry, Romans 8:26-27 rather— that God knows the mind of the Spirit. He knows the thoughts of the Spirit. In that utterance you are speaking, God can pick the information. He knows it. Now, where does the information come from? The information comes from the research of the Holy Spirit about God's plan for your life. Let me give you an example here. It is just like Isaac is asking for venison. His wife is the one that is helping you to prepare the venison. Rebecca knows because Rebecca was the one that created the recipe that Isaac fell in love with. She's been cooking for Isaac long before they were conceived. There's no way Jacob could have beat the recipe of his mother. Rebekah knows the mind of Isaac. So Isaac says, I want venison. The one who knows the mind of Isaac prepares it and handed it over to Jacob to present it to the father. That is what the Holy Spirit does. He knows the mind of the Father. He will give you the expo that these are the things that God has in plan for your life. You are asking for cars, but God want to give you a factory. So don't ask for those things. Come and take this. Get this. Present it to the Father. He can't say no to it. Praise God forevermore. Glory to God. Oh, what a sweet Holy Spirit. Why won't you, why won't you respond to this spirit of grace and supplication? For who among you knows, for who among people knows the thoughts of a person except the spirit of the person that is in him? Who also knows the thoughts of God? Who? So also the thoughts of God no one knows except the Spirit of God. Nobody knows except the Spirit of God. So when the Holy Spirit gives you utterance, it is in precision concerning God's plan for your life. You can't pray amiss when you pray in the spirit. It gives you the utterance. The same thing you are speaking, the same vocabulary you are speaking when you are asking for a particular petition, it sounded the same way you're asking for another thing, but you are communicating totally 2 different things. Are you getting what I'm saying here? Then the Spirit of God gives you burden. He gives us burden, especially for intercession. He distributes burden. I love something that Paul says. He said that I may know him, the power of his resurrection, the fellowship of his suffering. So there are times that the Holy Spirit will share burdens with you, and that's what I was talking about. That is, not every sad feeling really means that something bad is going on in your life. Sometimes it could be that God is sensitizing you on something that is about to happen, or God wants you to intercede for somebody. Praise God! Oh, glory to God! Glory to God, glory to God, glory to God. And the last thing, it quickens us. Let's see Psalm 80. This is one of my favorite scriptures. Psalm 80:18. Verse 18, it says— I love the KJV translation of that verse. It says, so will not we go back from thee. Quicken us, and we will call upon thy name. Quicken us and we will call upon thy name. Quicken us, invigorate us, revive us. So you can't call upon God except he quickens you. See, if you can go listen to this message again and again and you— your prayer life does not pick up, I don't know what else can help you. It is the Holy Spirit that will help you. He said, quicken us that we may call upon you. And the way God quickens us is by the spirit of grace and supplication, which means that he vitalizes us, he energizes us in the place of prayer. You will be so shocked that you have missed so many prayer opportunities because you thought you were weak. If only you could just yield to the Holy Spirit, even even in that state of weakness, and then you realize the amount of energy that you could dispense in the place of prayer. It is the Holy Spirit, it is not you. So you just learn how to respond to the Spirit of God. Tell your neighbor, say, learn to respond. Learn to respond. Be vulnerable to the Holy Spirit. Stop packaging to the Spirit of God. Be vulnerable to God's Spirit, then stay there. Is that very clear? Stay there. Never be in haste. Sometimes Kenneth Hagin said that sometimes it could be after 30 minutes, sometimes it could be as long as 1 hour before he feels that quickening. But stay there. Is that very clear? This is the most practical thing you will hear from me today. If you want to respond to the ministry, to the supply of the Holy Spirit, don't ask for his help and walk away. Ask for his help and stay there. Just stay there. Even when that tongues sound mechanical, just stay there. Is that very clear? Stay there. Even when you don't feel like, even when you feel it is forced, just stay there and keep your mouth moving. Keep your mouth moving. Keep your mouth moving. Oh, before you know what is happening, you have stood up. Before you know what is happening, you're already pacing the floor. Before you know what is happening, you're already scattering everywhere. But you will never get to that point if you don't stay there. Tell anybody, say, stay there. Say, stay there until the help comes. The Holy Spirit helps us to pray, and he's helping you today. Rise on your feet. He's helping.
