Praise God, praise God, God is faithful. I say God is faithful. How many of you believe that? Before you sit down, I want you to rejoice. Rejoice! Hallelujah! Amen! Praise God. Sit down. Sacred Assembly is a rejoicing church. Joy is our attitude. You know, Paul writing to Timothy said that I'm writing this so that you will know how ye ought to behave. In this place, our behavior is joy. Joy is our behavior. Oh, we behave joy! We behave joy! Amazing testimonies, and the testimonies we had this morning is just a fraction of what God has done. We have about 5 7-figure income just in the month of August alone. Well, you may think it is nothing, but, uh, You had, you had the testimony, what they've been believing God for since 2023. See, there's something about you stepping into the season that God has marked for harvest. And you know what God is saying to us? He's saying that, well, all the sheaves you brought in, in the month of August, is subject to your capacity. And that is why he's saying that in September stretch. So we are still bringing in the sheaves this month, but we are stretching. I said we are stretching. I said we are stretching. Hallelujah! Praise God! You know, the Lord say I should tell you that before the end of this year is giving people land and properties. Yeah, I see God giving people land and properties. And then I see building properties. Some of you, you are making the down payment before the end of this year. You are making the down payment. Some of you listening to me, you will live in the house you did not build. Ownership without purchase, ridiculously subsidized ownership. In the name of Jesus. Thank you, Father. My wife preached a storm last week, isn't it? Amen. So, so I, I think it, it is time I can now move on. Amen. Praise God forevermore. I want us to open our Bibles to the book of Luke chapter 15. How many of you were blessed by my wife's message last week? Someone was telling me, say, Papa, you need to listen to that message so you'll be blessed. Amen. Luke chapter 15. I was in Abuja church last week Sunday, and what God is doing in their midst is amazing. You guys better fasten your seat belts. I was, I was envious of the things that God is doing in the city of Abuja, and I felt I should just move to Abuja for a while. Luke chapter 15, I'm going to read from verse 3. And so he told them this parable, saying, what man among you, if he has 100 sheep and has lost one of them, does not leave the other 99 in the open pasture and go after the one that is lost until he finds it? And when he has found it, he puts it on his shoulders, rejoicing. And when he comes home, he calls together his friends and neighbors, saying to them, 'Rejoice with me, because I have found my sheep that was lost!' I tell you that in the same way there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents than over 99 righteous people who have no need of repentance. Praise God! September is our month of soul winning, and all my teachings through this month, both the Yearning of Faith and, uh, Sunday services, will be centered around soul winning. Soul winning is one of the areas that God will have us to stretch this month. We have the instruction to stretch in the place of prayer. This week we are going to be embarking on fasting and praying, and we are also going to be having prayer chain. And we also, uh, told to stretch in our giving, uh, this month. Praise God! God has commanded you to sustain something in the house. You may not know, but I will help you like Elijah helped the woman. And the third instruction on stretching is in soul winning. Soul winning. And of all the areas that God will have us to stretch this month, soul winning is that one that has eternal bearing. Now, when I'm preaching on joy on salvation, I'm not, I'm not just talking about the joy that you experience when you got born again. Of course, it is going to be part of what I'll be talking about here. But one thing I want you to understand about joy and salvation is that they are almost inseparable in scripture. Everywhere salvation is mentioned, whether the promise of salvation or the experience of salvation in Scripture, it is always accompanied by joy. In fact, the joy of salvation is not just an individual or personal experience of the one who is the recipient of salvation. Bible says that there is also joy in heaven over one sinner that gets born again. So when you talk or sing about, you know, making God happy, giving God joy, it is not just in your lifestyle, all right? The ultimate way your life can bring joy to heaven is soul winning. Are you getting what I'm saying here? Oh, do you understand what I'm saying? So joy is not— joy is not just, uh, you know, it's not just something that springs from salvation. It is with joy, Isaiah 12:3, it is with joy that we draw waters from the wells of salvation. In the book of Acts, Bible says that there was joy, there was joy in the city. Acts chapter 9, Bible says that when Philip went to Samaria to preach the gospel, Bible said that there was joy in the city. You cannot separate salvation from joy. And this is very important because many of us, we have lost the joy of salvation. It's very possible for you to lose the joy of salvation. Losing the joy of salvation simply means that the knowledge of salvation or your experience of salvation is no longer producing springs of joy. And this happens for different reasons. The reason some people have lost their joy of salvation is because they are not well taught on the subject of salvation. In fact, one of the major reasons many Christians do not experience the joy of salvation is because they lack the assurance of salvation. If my salvation is per good thing that I do. If my salvation is subject to my efforts, then it means that the, the salvation is more of a burden than a delight. There are some people that salvation is the source of their greatest anxiety because they don't know whether if Jesus comes today, they are going. How many of you believe that if Jesus come right now as I'm speaking, you are going? Let me see your hand. I like sincere people. You know, it's going to be sincere so that I know how to help you. Okay, it's not going to be making assumption. All right, if you are— and I don't form— don't, don't form. If you believe, or if you know that if Jesus comes right now as I'm speaking, you are going with Jesus, let me see your hand up. Now you see, the reason, the reason some people are not too certain about it is because they, they don't just know. And maybe that is one of the reasons why you are not experiencing the joy of salvation. Praise God. But the thing is this, if you are born again— okay, how many of you are born again in this place? Let me see your hand. Hurray! Now what? Okay, no, let me see your hand. If you are born again, let me see your hand. You're born again. Now you see, if I asked, if I asked you if you are born again And I asked if you are going to be with Jesus if he comes. It is the same question. What prepares you for rapture is salvation. There is nothing more. You, you can't improve. See, salvation is the complete preparation of God for your rapture. Whatever happens between your salvation and rapture is completely inconsequential on your rapture ability. Permit me to use that word. Are you getting what I'm saying here? So God prepares us in salvation for rapture. Bible says that salvation is the down payment that God has made for us, and Holy Spirit is the seal of that salvation. Are you following what I'm saying here? So I understand that there are people that are not even sure whether they are born again, but the thing is this: if you have ever heard the gospel, you heard about the gospel of the death, burial, and the resurrection of Jesus, and the implications of these three events, that you believe that Jesus died for your sin and he was raised for your justification, and you believe it with your heart, you are born again. And the moment you believe that, you are raptureable. If your raptureability depends on your efforts, that means your effort is your savior, not Jesus. So it means the blood of Jesus is not perfect for your redemption. If any man could save himself, Jesus will not need to come. So the reason many people have lost the joy of their salvation is because of lack of assurance, lack of certainty about their salvation. Salvation is not pay-as-you-go. Salvation is not in installment. Salvation is a complete reality. Your sins are forgiven. Your past, your present, and your future sins are forgiven. And some people will argue, yes, I agree that my past sins are forgiven. I know that the sin I'm committing right now, if I ask God for forgiveness, he will forgive me. But why will you say that my future sins are forgiven? When Jesus died, your sin today, where was it? Was it in the past, present, or future? Of Jesus when he died. It was in your future. So the reason people lack the joy of salvation is uncertainty, lack of assurance, lack of assurance. But you see, the joy of salvation is an eternal joy because salvation that produces this joy is eternal. It is eternal. Another reason people don't experience the joy of salvation is guilt and condemnation. That's why in Isaiah— sorry, Psalm 51, Paul— sorry, David, I think verse 12, it says, restore unto me the joy of salvation. So what happened is that when you sin Guilt and condemnation robs you of the joy of salvation. But do you know what we have in the New Testament? Paul says in Romans chapter 8, verse 1, it says, now therefore there is no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus. It means that even when you sin, he said, know that you have an advocate with the Father. So you must never allow condemnation or guilt of sin to rob you of— see, some of you here, you are OG, you will agree with me that you feel guilty about something does not mean you will not return to it. See, guilt is that trap that devil consistently use to lure people back to what they are sorry for. God knows you will never be able to break away from that habit, you will never be able to break away from that thing that is causing guilt and condemnation. And that is the reason he did not just take your sin away, he also fixed condemnation. And the way God fixed condemnation is through righteousness. See, God's solution to sin is not sinlessness, it is righteousness. You will never be able to attain sinlessness as long as you are here on earth. That is the reason for rapture, so that this mortal body will take up immortal, so that this corruptible shall take Wake up incorruptible. It was Ayobabalola that was on the mountain one day praying, and he's been there for days, for weeks. You know when you are just alone with God and you feel so clean? And he asked God, he said, God— he read the scripture that if God wants to mark sin, no one shall stand. He now asked God, he said, God, I've been here alone fellowshipping with your spirit Have I committed anything? Is there any sin you have to forgive? And God told him, he said, you commit nothing less than 200 sins per second, even right here with me. If God wants to mark sin, who shall stand? But forgiveness is with thee, so that man will fear thee. The source of the fear of God is forgiveness, not threat of hell. Man's logic thinks that if we can threaten people with hell, they will live right. He said, but forgiveness is with thee. He said, this forgiveness, this knowledge of forgiveness is what inspires reference, referential fear. In the heart of man. So God's answer is righteousness, and this righteousness is a position that God has brought you into, that no matter what has happened, you can stand before God without fear, without inferiority complex. That is righteousness. So the reason many Christians have lost the joy of their salvation is the scourge of guilt and condemnation. There's no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus. There's no condemnation. Say, there's no condemnation for me. Louder, say, there's no condemnation. Bible says that he that believes, he that believes shall be saved. He said the one who believe not is condemned already. So salvation brought you out of condemnation. So Pastor, it means that even if I do anything wrong, I should not feel bad? No, I'm not talking about remorse. There's a difference between remorse and condemnation. And what condemnation does is that it drives you away from God in your consciousness. Any salvation that you receive that is not eternal is made in China. The salvation that Jesus gives is eternal. Even the makeshift atonement procured by the blood of goats lasts for one year. The, the atonement procured by the blood of goats, animals, will last an entire nation for one year. But you, you thought that yours is per second or per minute. If the blood of goats can atone for a nation for one year, how much more the blood of Jesus? Bible says that he offered his blood as an eternal sacrifice. Once and for all, and then he sits. He sits because the work is done. Now John says that if you sin, know that you have an advocate with the Father. Say, know that you have an advocate with the Father. So guilt and condemnation robs people of the joy of their salvation. And that is why you must know that it doesn't matter the mistakes that you make. Never forget that God loves you still. It doesn't matter what has happened to you. It doesn't matter what you have failed at. Know that God loves you still. Is that very clear? Say, God loves me. I am his son. If when I was a sinner, when I was dead in sin, he died for me because he loved me, how much more now that I am alive unto him? He said he has uphold me with the right hand of his righteousness. That is why Jesus said that no man can pluck them away from me. He's upholding us with the right hand of his own, his own righteousness. You put so much, so much weight on your own efforts, and that's why you are limited in life. Those who reign in life, they reign through the scepter of righteousness. Said those who have received these gifts of righteousness, they shall reign on heads. This righteousness, it is not just what makes us to be at peace with God. This righteousness is our scepter of dominion, that it doesn't matter what happens, God is for me. God is not against me. God is for me. Bible says Abraham believed God, it was counted unto him for righteousness. Even when Abraham sinned, when he lied, because of this righteousness that has been credited to his account, God could not lay any charge against him. Rather, God went to meet the innocent king. Why did you take the wife of this prophet? Yahweh restore his wife. Are you getting what I'm saying here? Another reason some people have lost the joy of their salvation is because they fell, they took the bait of the enemy. They begin to look at the ephemeral things of this world for joy, and devil quietly substituted the joy of salvation with the happiness of accomplishments. But you see, happiness is always— happiness is like drug. You can never take enough. You can never take enough. Some of you here, God gave you a miracle in the month of August. Now you had people coming and sharing testimony. I got a job in 7 figures. What is this ₦150,000 job that I'm happy? Is this, is this what my mates are receiving? Nothing is small until it is compared. Comparison is the reason many of you have lost the joy of salvation. And devil is very smart. He will start by first giving you things to be happy about. Until he has completely disconnected you from the joy of salvation, disconnected your joy from salvation to the things of life. So your joy is roller coaster, it is on and off, more epileptic than Nepalites. Some of you, you say that I don't know what is happening, it's as if— now I see, doctors will have explanation They say you are having personality disorder, you are bipolar. No, your, your problem is that you are not satisfied with the joy that comes from salvation. Is as if there are just some people that God is just blessing in this church. How about me? Share the testimony of the ₦100,000. One of them that shared testimony, I asked him, I said, how much is your salary? He told me. I said, I thought you are earning a 7-figure, so this is the amount? No, no, don't worry, you have to earn. You, you just have to earn a 7-figure. It was the month after they got the job. First, be okay where you are. Never take the bait. Even when things are going good in your life, never, never, never uproot your joy, from salvation to the good things going on in your life. Don't let the devil pull the rug under you. It's a trap. Put premium on your salvation. I don't like where I'm living. I don't like where I'm— see, where you are, you can beautify it. That one-room apartment you are staying, go and get a used AC, put it there. Say no, it is until when I move to a bigger— that bigger place will not come if you don't enjoy, because joy is how you make progress. It is a triumphant procession. It's a triumphant procession. You can't proceed without joy. Go and paint that one-room apartment, decorate it, buy the fake art they are selling along Lekki Expressway, put it there. If you can't afford a new AC, buy a used one, put it there. Are you getting what I'm saying? If you want to do, get ready with me. As long as you are not showing your nakedness, do it. Let people be able to track the progress. Bible says that, and the heathen saw and they said, 'Kai, God has done great things for them.' The heathen knew where they were before. All the things doctors are telling you about your mental health, I'm giving you divine diagnosis. It is because you lack the joy of salvation. Salvation is a joke to you that God had to become man and die for you. Went to your place in hell, took your place. And guess what? Where or what he delivered you from is the least of the good news. It is the life he has brought you into. Somebody sang, if I can turn back the hand of time, I will go back to the Garden of Eden. Not me and you, Garden of Eden. He has brought us into eternal life. Now hear me, eternal life was not a response to Adam's sin. Eternal life has been the original plan of God from the beginning. So whether Adam ate the fruit or not, he will still need eternal life. Uh-uh. You want to go back to Garden of Eden to be eating apple, avocado? Hey, he has given eternal life. He that has the Son has eternal life. So I have come that you will have this life abundantly. That is what you have in salvation. The ultimate gift of salvation is not just forgiveness of sin, it's not just justification. It is eternal life, God kind of life. There is a reason a man can only bark like dog. He will learn how to bark like dog, but a dog barks effortlessly. Why? It is the function of the life in it. Say, I have eternal life. These are the things that God by Spirit revealed to Paul that gave him the audacity to tell you to rejoice forevermore. He cannot say you should rejoice forevermore because of car. You are rejoicing because of iPhone. This September, I think they will release iPhone 17 or 18. So the one that you had, that you are thinking you're on top of the world, is out of vogue. How can that joy be eternal? How can that joy be eternal? I'm trusting God for SUV 2026 special edition, except the sun will not go down, except time will stop. Once you cross into the following year, your car become old model. In fact, the moment you drive it out of the dealer shop, it become secondhand. How can that thing now give you eternal joy? The joy of salvation. You have a lot to learn from David. Bible said David never lost a battle in his life, never lost a battle. Yet when he realized that he's out of tune with God, he cried. He said, ah, restore to me the joy, because his strength to win in battle— the joy of the Lord is your strength. He knows that once Once this joy is drained out of his soul, he will become vulnerable to the enemy. It is joy. This joy, this joy, salvation. This joy, salvation. Never let life accomplishments— give thanks to God for whatever he has done, no, for no victory is small. People talk about small mercy. There's no mercy that is small. Give thanks, rejoice for that, but let your joy be anchored on your salvation, that you have eternal life, that you are, you are, you are one with God, that God is for you and not against you, that God is not angry with you, that your voice is the voice he wants to hear first thing in the morning, that God delights in your prosperity. Praise God. There's something amazing. I, I, I, I— is it Luke 10? When the disciples came to Jesus to talk about the exploits, their success in ministry. God was the one that gave them the assignment and they succeeded at it and they were happy and they came to Jesus. 'Oh Jesus, we have succeeded, we have exploit.' He said, 'Don't rejoice in those things.' He said, 'In this you should rejoice, that your name is written.' Your name is written. Jesus is saying that even ministry exploits can never match the joy of salvation. If ministry exploits is nothing to compare, how come it is not your career accomplishment? Because they refuse to promote you after 3 years. That's the reason you are sad. Abakusida said, even if the fig tree does not bear, even if there is no— no, the earth does not yield, the land does not yield, nothing happen, he said, I will joy in the God of my salvation. Because every provision God has made in salvation, it is through joy you will fetch it out. Many people worry too much about devourer. You don't understand this life. He said the enemy came to steal, kill, and destroy, but I have come to give eternal life. He didn't say that I have come to restore what the enemy took. He said I've come to give eternal life. A man called MKO had a glimpse of the understanding of this thing. They asked him that, are you not scared of losing your wealth to the devourer? He said, I don't care about the devourer. He said, if the devourer should come to my finance, he said, the devourer will eat, eat, eat, and die. Mindset. Jesus did not say that I'm going to restore what is stolen. He said, I've come to give eternal life. I've come to give eternal life. It is a replenishing life. And they stole your phone, you are fasting and praying, Father, touch the heart of that person, let the person restore my phone. Uh, God will not touch the heart of the person. Settle it. There are some prayers I don't waste my time to pray. One Wednesday like that, we're done with meeting, and downstairs a couple went to get something. So I was there waiting for them, waiting with their kids. Before they are back, my phone had become a view once, you know, view once. I couldn't see it again. As I was about to enter the car, my wife said, where's your phone? I knew that it's gone immediately. I just took it off my mind. He says that I did not come to return what the enemy stole. I came to give eternal life and to have it more abundantly. This life will replenish whatever is depleted in your life. You will not even know that anything leave your your life. For everyone that has lost anything, hear the word of the Lord: it will be replenished. God does not do refund. What God does is restoration. Even under the law, restoration is not the same thing you lost. It always come with interest. Yes, you lost a job, better one is coming. Better one is what? Is coming. The brother shared testimony when he told me about what they are doing. They want to, uh, they've cut off the salary. I know, I say, yes, see, you will reap in another field. Some of you, your time is up in that company, but yeah, with everything I have done, uh, you don't reap where you sow, you only you reap what you sow, the field will be different. That's what has kept some people in a very toxic relationship. Ah, I have suffered with him, I've suffered. Ah, the fruit of long suffering is meant for the gospel. Not for toxic relationship. That if this gospel will cost you to suffer, you have the ability to endure. It may only be useful if you make a bad choice and then you are in that relationship, it will help you. But you are still dating, I've suffered with him, I remember when I gave him my entire salary. Ah, don't worry, God has a compensation for you. Sela. Praise God. Amen. Glory to God forevermore. You must learn how to keep your joy. You must learn how to increase in joy. Don't despise this salvation that you have. This salvation is so big. Bible says that what, how, what, what will happen to us if we are to escape this great salvation? This salvation is called great salvation. Let the light, let the eyes of your understanding be enlightened. In the name of Jesus, that you will know the hope of your calling. In the name of Jesus, let the light— eyes of your understanding, let it be enlightened. Let it be enlightened in the name of Jesus. Praise God forevermore. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Never let any material things or life accomplishment to replace the source of your joy. Is that clear? Keep your joy, the joy of your salvation. That is the joy that will replenish whatever it is you have lost. Habakkuk said that I will rejoice in the God of my salvation. And the next thing he said that he will make my feet like hinds' feet and he will cause me to walk upon my high in the time of famine. He said, because I have kept my joy in the God of my salvation, he will make my feet like hind's feet. A translation says that he will give me the feet of a mountain goat. This mountain goat, they are experts, experts in climbing rocks. You would think they will fall if you watch Najuwa. You would think they will trip and fall. No, you see them gliding gracefully in dangerous terrain. It is by the joy of salvation. Praise God. I just kept my mind on what Jesus told the disciples. You see, pastors are committing suicide. There are many pastors that are just showing up. They are no longer there. They are discouraged. Jesus said that, see, don't let your joy be anchored on the exploits. That it means that even when what you are doing is not working, the fact that your name is in the Book of Life, it is the greatest cause of joy. So you must learn how to keep your joy. You must learn how to keep this joy bubbling, how to keep this joy flowing. And the number one reason is that you feed on the word of God. Feed on the gospel. Paul says in Colossians 3:16, it says, let the word of Christ dwell in you richly. Feed richly on the gospel. The word of Christ, logos of Christ, is talking about the wisdom of God revealed in Christ Jesus, and that is what we call the gospel. I love what Jeremiah said. He said that your word have I found and I did eat them, and it is the joy and the rejoicing of my heart. Your word have I found, and I did eat them. Your word have I found, and I did eat them. It is the joy and the rejoicing of my heart. What keeps your joy bubbling? What keeps your joy flowing is you feeding on God's word. Feed on the gospel. You know, many of you, you don't see the correlation between what you are currently— how you are currently feeling and the gospel. I was listening to a brother's testimony in Abuja, and he said something that is very, very, you know, something that really struck a chord in me. He said it was just nothing was working around him. And he was just feeling sad, depressed. Nothing was working. And he went to meet his friend. You need to have right people in your life. He says he was talking to the person, he said, that's when he just told him, I said, see, I am diagnosing you right now. What I see you lack, your issue is gospel deficiency. You need to feed on the gospel. Some of you, you are going through gospel deficiency. It is only reflecting in your mood, in your emotion, in the things around around you. What is deficient in your life is the gospel. Are you following what I'm saying here? Feed on the gospel. Never take the gospel for the ground. See, he talks, they say, this is the gospel that I preach unto you. 1 Corinthians chapter 15, he said, this is the gospel that I have preached unto you. Which you have received and wherein you stand. Some people think that gospel is just for the kindergartens. If you want to come into the gospel, into the kingdom, I want you to even listen to pastors who say stuff like, you see, all those things they are talking about, the gospel is for kindergartens. After you come in, you now move on to see even the mature things we are moving on to is the gospel. We are only more skillful in the word of righteousness, not in the word of the work of our effort. In the word of righteousness. Praise God. Tell them, say, feed on the word of God. Feed on the word of God. Number 2, share the joy of salvation through the gospel. Share what? The joy of salvation. Through the gospel. Bible says in the text, Luke chapter 15, from verse 3, verse 7 says, there is joy in heaven for one sinner that repents. There is joy in heaven Joy in heaven for one sinner that repents. Everywhere Bible talks about people receiving the gospel in scripture, their response is with joy. In Samaria, Bible said there was joy in the city. The Enoch was rejoicing as he was going. The jailers, after the miracle, the earthquake miracle, Bible says that they cry out to Paul 'What shall we do to be saved?' After they believed the gospel and were baptized, the Bible said that they went on rejoicing. Be the reason somebody will experience this joy of salvation. Share the joy of salvation through the gospel. And that is to tell you that preaching the gospel is not something you do out of, you know, religious— a sense of religious duty. You do it with excitement. The way your countenance is the reason people don't like to listen to you, because you look like somebody that has come with bad news. Jesus saves, he has forgiven. You are not, you don't. There's a story, true life story of an American preacher, American priest, is one of those that they call to, you know, administer the final rites to criminals that are going to be executed. So before these people were going to be hanged, they called this man of God to preach the gospel to them. You know, he's been doing it for long. There was no excitement, no emotion, nothing. He just preached the gospel to the man, and after he was done, the man asked him, he said, please, what you are telling me, is it true? He said, yes, it is true. He said, I don't believe it. Because if this thing you are talking about is true, and now where you— I am going to crawl on broken bottles, I will cross 7 seas, climb 7 mountains to share the gospel with just one person. You mean this good news is something you are just sharing with plain face like it is nothing? Bible says this salvation gives joy. You can't be sharing it with a frown face or a plain face. Be excited when you are sharing the Gospel. Have you seen GNLG and New Life people before with shoes that have given them artificial bow leg, and yet they are so excited? My brother, I want to share something good with you. In fact, it will change you. We were somewhere one day, and one came to us You know, unconsciously I just look at the feet, the shoe and all that. God bless you. There was even one I had to transfer body to. Just use this one to take him off. Now those are the people that are doing new life, oh. But you, you are doing eternal life. You should be more excited. You should be more excited. I'm a dealer in eternal life. I deal in eternal life. He said the first man was a living soul. He said the last man is a life-giving spirit. You are a life-giving spirit in Christ. It means that when you preach this gospel, you are imparting eternal life. Is that very clear? Share the gospel. You know what Jesus said in John chapter 4, uh, I think verse 35, thereabout? It says that so that he that sow and he that reap shall rejoice together. That is the way you keep this joy bubbling. And if you are a soul winner, you will know this joy I'm talking about. That's not just the person receiving the gospel that is rejoicing. Even you that preach the gospel, you are happy. Even though my wife has been preaching this gospel for years, even last on Saturday, she went to make her hair and got somebody born again. You see that childlike excitement. This thing gives you joy, and this joy is greater than any joy that any dollar can give you. You don't know it because of your value system. Is that very clear? And the third thing I will share with you before I go: never allow material things— I've said it before, but I'm highlighting it again— Never let material things, never let any earthly things to replace the salvation as the source of your joy. Is that clear? Never allow anything to replace salvation as the source of your joy. Praise God. Never let anything to replace salvation as the source of your joy. Thank God for promotion, thank God for lifting, thank God for new opportunities, but never anchor any of these things— never anchor your joy rather on any of these things. Praise God. So you set your heart on— you set your affection on things above. Colossians chapter 3. Colossians chapter 3. Put out that scripture quickly. Verse, verse 1. Praise God. Bible says that we set our affection. If then be risen— if ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above. Where Christ sits on the right hand of God. Move on. Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. That is how to keep your joy. Let your obsession be on eternal verities, not on earthly accomplishments. Are you getting what I'm saying here? I've seen people who have come to genuinely lament, complain to me about what they are going through in the same job they came to share testimony about. That is to tell you that there is nothing you are celebrating today. Oh, you got a new car. That is not really new, but for you it is new. By the time you start changing, you start changing brake pads, you start changing crankshaft, you want to question God. God, is it not even good that you live? Praise God. I remember one time our car engine knocked, so we had to be taking boat, and I told my wife, is this not the better life? Ah, like he will just come pick us, we'll just pay. A fraction of what would have used to fèka. That is to tell you that, see, there is nothing material that can give you enduring joy. That husband you are thanking God for now, the wife you are thanking God for now, say you don't used to fight. People will now see you with all your, your pancake, they will think that you are better people. Praise God. You know that you used to fight. Praise God! A woman of God said something. He said, see, if you see me whispering to my husband in the course of service, don't think we are discussing the advancement of the ministry. We continue the fight from home. You that have been with me for a long time understand this. Service can be going and I will call you. And I will whisper something to your ear, and everybody will, you know, they will be shaking their head. You would think that I'm giving them prophecy. You don't want to hear what I'm saying. I won't be tempted to say what I used to say. I'm a changed man. I don't do that anymore. One day I told a brother in the car, I said, call the brother for me. Everybody was rejoicing and I just whispered something. He said, okay, sir. All right, sir. Don't let me tell you what I said. So that is to tell that, see, things are not just the way it is. You see young folks, how you can't wait to marry so you can just be having sex. Uh, you better have more serious reason One of my friend's mom said that thing to us, to my friend actually. He got somebody pregnant, we were in SS2, and the mother said something that stayed with me. Say, ah, benga, ah, something that you will eat, eat, eat, you will be tired of it. Like you will be— you almost want to— you, it will be so— you'll be so full that you will see it, you'll not be interested. I mean, let this salvation be your joy. So the car you share testimony about, you're almost questioning God about the same car. I, I asked one of my sons, you didn't bring your car to Papa? We just pack it up. Ah, be contented with the joy of salvation. Let this salvation mean something to you. Is that very clear? And the last thing— rise on your feet— be intentional about the practice of joy, because this joy of salvation is not a feeling. Yes, sir. You did not get born again because you feel like. You made a choice. Same way, the joy of salvation is more than a feeling. It is a decision. Habakkuk says that even if the field does not produce, even if there is no fig on the tree, even if there is nothing in the barn, he said, I will rejoice in the God of my salvation. I will rejoice. It is a choice. This joy is not circumstance-based. This joy is salvation-based. I will rejoice in the God of salvation. It is a choice. Is that very clear? It is a choice. Because you are seated— the Bible says he that sits in heaven shall what? Shall laugh. It is a choice. Are you seated with Christ in the heavenly places, far above principalities? No, I don't know. The way you show it is by rejoicing. Can you rejoice in the Holy Ghost? Rejoice in the Holy Ghost! He that sits in heaven shall laugh. He that sits in heaven shall laugh. I think we should have a joy service this month where we just come here to laugh at the enemy. Say, why are the head erased? How? Why did the kings gather in conspiracy against his anointed? He that sits in heaven shall laugh. He shall have them in jealousy. See, that joy is what caused confusion in the camp of the enemy. With everything they are doing, they expect certain reaction. Now seeing you laughing, seeing you rejoicing, you are confused. Can you laugh in the Holy Ghost? Rejoice in the Lord! Look at your account, look at the dashboard of your bank app and laugh. Landlord has come with a quit notice— laugh! Hear me, In this kingdom, we don't have the last laugh. We have the first, the second, the middle, and the last laugh. Tell your neighbor, say, in this kingdom, we don't just have the last laugh. Say, we have the first. Say, we have the half laugh, and we have the middle laugh, and we have the omega laugh. I'm not going to laugh last too. I will laugh first. You didn't get it? I will laugh first and I will still laugh last. While you are conspiring against me, I will respond with laughter. They say you're time is up, just laugh. They threaten you that we will show you, we will make sure that you will not be established. Just laugh at them. He that sits in heaven laughs. The only time anybody laughed in heaven was out of ignorance. John says that who shall open the seal of
