So do you use OBS to livestream, or I mean use it on Sundays to project? If you do, then this app is going to be really, really useful for you. It's on Play Store. Don't worry, you can send me a DM or comments down below and I'll share you the link to download it. It's an app where you can control your OBS app with ease.

So I'm going to switch to live screen, um, full screen mode. So I get to see this. So I get to see all my scenes. If you notice, the scenes here are the same as the one here. So it lists all your scenes.

So currently I'm in MC Presentation, and then we have 4 sources right now. I can hold down the MC Presentation card you get to see View Sources, right? Can you see? Do you know that I can literally, from the app, I can turn it off, turn it back on? Can you see that?

I can turn it off, I can turn it back on. I can drag sources around. So if you notice, camera is the last source there. I can literally drag the camera source to the top. Guess what happens now?

The camera source is at the top, so I don't have to move my mouse for anything. So imagine you have a laptop that is not fast or hangs a lot. You don't have to literally move your mouse every time. I can turn off the camera source, and of course I can delete it.

Can you see that? All in this mobile app.

So the other beautiful thing is that I can literally, literally control my audio. I can literally control my audio, literally, from the app. So I can pause, I can restart, pause, play, I can restart. I mean, this is beautiful. I can restart.

I can increase the volume. I can probably reduce the volume. Can you see that? So you watch, right? Notice that the volume is also reducing, reducing, increasing.

You know that I can monitor and output. I can turn off the monitoring, um, Um, function. So when I click on monitor off, notice what happens when I click on monitor off. It goes off from my phone. So I'm using an Android emulator, do you understand?

So that you can see both, um, both sides of, um, the app. So I can pause the audio. Guess what? It gets paused. I can play the audio all from my phone.

You can literally unmute your mic from your phone. So watch, you see, I'm muting and unmuting. So if you want to have this beauty— and also I forgot to mention, you have access to a lot of quick actions. So you can— okay, let me click on Enable Studio Mode. Guess what happens?

It enables studio mode all from your mobile phone. Disable Studio Mode.

So if you want to enjoy this beauty, send me a DM or a text and I'll share it with you.
