Thank you, Lord Jesus. So the month of August, I don't know how it has been for you, but for me it's been one of the best months this year. Hallelujah! It's been very eventful. Indeed, we brought in the sheaves.

And don't worry, first Sunday of September you hear mind-boggling testimonies. And even though your testimony is not part of it yet, you can still lay hold. That might— this might test— I'm testifying on Sunday. Glory to God! Glory to God!

God has indeed done great and mighty works amongst us. He has done it. Hallelujah! I know the best part of this— prophetic word does not expire. It does not expire.

So it means that even from this month till December, we are bringing in the sheaves. We are bringing in the sheaves. Say, I'm bringing in the sheaves. Glory to God! So in case you are saying in your hearts God, me too.

God, when? I want to also testify. Don't worry, be encouraged, be encouraged. Glory to God, be encouraged. You are bringing in the sheaves.

No, the man of God declared that this month is the month of bringing in the sheaves, and he has helped us to lay foundation. You would see that the man of God has systematically laid foundation. He has helped us to build infrastructure. And you know what the Bible says in Isaiah 54? It says, 'Lengthen your stakes, strengthen your cord, expand, make room.' What he's saying is, 'Build infrastructure for what I'm about to do in your life.' Hallelujah!

Build infrastructure, because God is not a God of waste. So he sends instruction first before his harvest. He says, 'Strengthen. I'm not going to pour into something that does not have the capacity to carry.' Lengthen your stakes, strengthen your cord, expand, make room. Hallelujah!

That's what the man of God has been doing. He has taught us on wisdom, mercy, favor. Glory to God! I hope you know that the strength of material is very pivotal to what is going to enter your life. The strength of material.

When Dangote was going to, you know, build a refinery and he knew that was going to bring heavy-duty machineries, He built his own road. He built the road that can carry it. So heaven wants to carry heavy duty, heavy duty ideas, heavy duty blessings through your life, but you don't have capacity. There's no infrastructure. So you are praying, you are praying, oh God, and you are asking for what you don't have the capacity for.

God is not a God of waste. He's not a God of waste. So you will not get it. It's not like you will not get it in the sense of you not get it, but he doesn't waste. That's why he sent his instruction first.

Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. So your strength of material matters— you've not built solid infrastructure by praying. Bible says build up yourself in your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost. So prayer is how we build. You build by praying.

You just come to church on Sundays, amen, always amen. Hallelujah! But you don't have infrastructure. Heaven is waiting, the angels are waiting. Oh yeah, now we want to send this thing, we want to send this thing.

Your road is not even tarred. You don't have a consistent prayer life. Hallelujah! You've not built solid infrastructure through the word of God. The only time you open your Bible is on Sunday and you are trusting God for the harvests.

There's wisdom, there's wisdom to these things. There's something called spiritual intelligence.

Hallelujah! Build infrastructure through prayer. Build infrastructure through God's word. Find it. What has God said concerning harvest?

Find it and meditate on it. Read it. Put your heart to it. Amen. You are trusting God for healing, trusting God for— how many scriptures do you know about healing?

How many scriptures have you meditated on? You want breakthrough? How many scriptures? Because God is not saying he's not going to give you. But he needs infrastructure, spiritual infrastructure.

Glory to God, glory to God, glory to God. Infrastructure through obedience, not selective obedience. For some of us, God is our Savior, but He's not our Lord. Who is the Lord? Someone you say, yes, sir, to.

Someone you don't even ask questions, you just move. Holy Spirit says something, you say, okay, but you know Lord, you know, you see me. Eroi, eroi, the God that sees me. He sees you, that's why he's giving you the instruction. He knows you can do it.

You see me like this, eroi. You are building infrastructure through obedience, full obedience. Amen. Full obedience. Building infrastructure through enlargement of your heart.

Whatever cannot sit pretty in your heart, you can never have it. Some of you, if they send 10 million to you now, you will faint. So God is even trying to protect you. I don't want this girl to faint. Let's just give her 5.

Glory to God. And you are here trusting God for billions, and yet your heart is not even enlarged to take one, and you are trusting God for billions. Billions! Oh God, send in the billions! It's not like they don't want to give you the billions.

Your heart can't take it. You will collapse. Praise God. So build infrastructure, build spiritual infrastructure, enlarge your hearts. Sojourning in the land of promise, do it intentionally.

Glory to God. You've not traveled out of the country, take excursion to the airport. Do it, it does something to your mind. Glory to God. Be intentional about it.

Don't say, 'Kesara sera, whatever will be, will be.' Whatever will be does not used to be. It doesn't happen. Be intentional about it. You want to build a mega company. Have you visited someone that has one?

Have you tried to have conversation with the person? Have you been around greatness so that they can strengthen your mind, they can expand your mind? No, you are in your room. Oh God, I want a 2 billion worth of company. Azao.

Enlarge your heart. What cannot enter your heart not just enter, sit pretty, be comfortable. Whatever can— whatever your heart cannot comfortably take, your hand cannot touch it. It's a principle. Your hand cannot touch it.

So some— it means that some of you even need to go and remove the limit on your— you are trusting God for billions. So the same person that was praying for billions in church, the highest money you can receive is 200,000, and you say, okay, I didn't say anything. Glory to God. And billions, oh God, billions! You can't receive more than 4 million.

Even the angels are confused and like, what is working? What is man that thou art mindful of him? God, what is all this? See me holding billions here, this boy cannot even take it.

Hallelujah! Another way you build infrastructure is by developing your mind. So, so many spiritual people neglect their mind. You neglect them, and your mind is a God's intention is a mediator. It's an infrastructure that God created, is a mediator.

The way you interpret the things of the spirit to your natural world is through your mind. That's why it seems like some people will read the Bible and explain it, and you're like, ah, it's not that Holy Spirit gave them another inspiration. The way their mind interpreted it is quite different because it's a developed mind. Develop your mind. They call you for an interview, you are not well read.

You do— you don't— they're asking, oh, so you know what this person said in this book? Oh, let's just, let's just, let's just move past it. Glory to God. Let's just, let's just go. Develop your mind.

You don't know when your breakthrough will come. Develop your mind. Be ready. Build structure. If you are trusting God for this harvest, then you have to develop your mind.

Develop your mind intentionally. Tell me the last time some of you read is, is, um, university days. And when you leave, you're like, ha, if I touch book again, make I bend. If I touch book again. That's why you are where you are.

God wants to promote you. To be honest, he wants to promote you, but you need to represent him well. You can't say you are a Christian, they bring you on national TV and you are yanni nukoto. By your first 3 sentences, they know that this is empty. It's not just by the spirit.

Don't just do everything by the spirit. Don't worry, we just get it, we just do it by the spirit. Develop your mind. That's how you build infrastructure. Be intentional about it.

Stop engaging in activities. Stop watching Telemundo. Telemundo. Telemundo. Amen.

They will dull the efficacy of your mind. They will dull it. Something that you already know how it will end by the title— the— what's that? The Wicked Stepmother. If you see The Wicked Stepmother, don't you already know how the story will end?

That the mother will be wicked to the baby. That's how it will end. And you will still watch and say, ah, it's dulling your mind. Installing your mind. Read books.

Hallelujah! The quality of your mind is the quality of your life. The quality of your mind is the quality of your life. You can't grow past what you don't know now. Amen.

Glory to God. So the man of God has helped us with solid materials to build capacity for the harvest. He has talked about mercy, the intervention of God's mercy. Some of what we enjoy It's just the mercy of God, because God is like, this guy has stayed too long in this class, let's just, let's just have mercy. He thought on the mercy of God.

Amen. Thought on favor. Favor. Somebody say favor. Hallelujah.

Say favor. And look, God is not a God that is not— he's not just able, he's willing. He wants to. He's more willing than you are. That billions, he knows that when it gets to your hand, you're a good steward.

But you need infrastructure. He's willing. He's not just a God of waste. And the recent one the man of God talked about is favor. If you listen to the morning prayer, he talked about favor.

And you have to understand how favor works. See, fastest route to hard labor is a man that does not work in favor. You'll be suffering. You don't have favor, you're not working, you will— the journey will be long because favor is the cheat code for a believer. Amen.

Favor establishes us. Bible says that you have caused my mountain to stand strong. That's why they cannot move you anyhow, because by favor your mountain has stand strong.

Amen. Glory to God. So favor, favor, you can't do— you can't move ahead In fact, Pastor used to say, your entire lifetime, you cannot catch up with God's plan for your life. You need favor, you need something that will speed you up. So if you think you can just be doing it like Esau, just be doing it like Esau, I'm going to the bush when Jacob is here, already collected the goat meat for his mother, has received blessing, and you still want to go.

No, no, no, no, no, no, it's hard work. You have to be hardworking. Good. You go tse. You go tse for that hard work, eh.

Hallelujah. Praise God forevermore.

Amen. Favor establishes. Favor establishes. Hallelujah. The favor of God is a shield of deliverance.

The favor of God is a shield of deliverance. Bible says you have encompassed me with favor like a shield. So people are supporting you even though you are not there. That's the man working in favor. People want to defend you.

People just love you. They just want to do things for you. They're like, no, no, no, no, no, when it gets to this person, no, no, I can't take that. They want to defend your righteous cause.

Even sometimes when you are actually guilty, they just want to defend you. Amen. Glory to God. Favor is a shield of deliverance. It's a shield of protection.

A shield of protection.

Amen. Bible says the smell of my son is like a field that the Lord has blessed. People come around you and they just— there's just something about you that they want to— they just want to favor. They just want to— they just want to do something for you. Just imagine living that kind of— you, you are living and you are not experiencing things like that.

People just look at you and say, let me just buy this thing for this person. Amen. However, there are misconceptions around favor, very funny misconceptions. And one of them is that you can be yourself. You know what I mean by be yourself?

In spite of you, God does not look at me, he will just favor me. It's a very wrong misconception. God does not shine his light on mediocrity. He does not shine. It doesn't happen, especially if you call yourself a believer.

He doesn't shine his light on mediocrity. You know why that your tailoring business is not global? You know, because when you sew, one side is like this, and you're like, no, no, no, no, wear the wig. If you wear the wig of the person that the picture you showed me, if you wear it, it will fit. No, no, no, no, it's because of the way you are standing.

And God is like, this girl is not ready. And you are praying with spotlights, spotlights. No, he doesn't shine his light on mediocrity. So it's a wrong misconception to think that you can be anyhow, do anyhow, talk anyhow, behave anyhow, dress anyhow, but yet the favor of God will be working for you. They give you clothes to launder, you murdered it.

You murdered the— glory to God. Amen. You murdered it instead. You have good products, you have poor package. Because the God of Excellence.

So you are— you, you need to focus on the right thing at the right time. Focus on excellence first, then God will shine his spotlight. Just as I am, just as I am. Oh God, anyhow, you, you, you, you baked cake, the cake is not caking, feels hard, it just feels hard. Like, you're like, shake it, and you want spotlight.

They're like, please refer me, oh, refer me to— even your friend, I say they will refer you, they know that they will not refer you. You are going for an interview, you are poorly dressed, poorly read. They're asking you questions, you say, skip, skip, skip, skip, skip. Amen. Hallelujah.

You don't have to have much to look good. Or look good, look like the future that you are going into. Look good. See, God is He's the only person that looks at the heart. It's when you want to go and submit interview to God, or you want to submit your CV to God, to God directly, that it doesn't need what you are looking like.

But you, you, you, you are, you are, you are so rumpled, people around you are like, no, no, it's the favor, the favor of God is upon me, they will not see it, they won't see it, it's just the favor of God. No, no, you are wrong, you are wrong, you are not representing God well.

Hallelujah! And that brings me to my next misconception, which is to assume that favor with God automatically means favor with men. You lie! You what? You lie!

You have to convert it. Convert favor. Anywhere in the scripture that God talks about favor, he talks about it in connection with men. Amen. Media, can you please project Luke 2:52?

In fact, how we know that a man is highly favored is how men treat him. That's how we know. Oh no, this man is favored, this man is blessed.

Is how men treat you. And so, oh no, I'm accepted in the beloved. So you will convert it, you convert it, you convert that favor with God with men.

No man can tell me anything. No man can tell me anything. I have favor with God. If I'm accepted with God, who are you? Ah, glory to God.

You must learn how to connect with the favor of men. Luke 2:52, is it there? Luke 2:52, is it there? Okay. And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature and in favor with God and men.

It does not matter what's the point. It's favor, favor, favor. He's around me like— and that's all that matters. You need favor with men. You need people, critical people, to like you in this life.

Hallelujah. So how do we know a man that is working in favor with men? How do we know? Number 1, acceptance. Divine likability.

They just like you. It matters. Who likes you? Please don't join the cancel culture. It doesn't matter who likes you.

Does not matter. So far God has liked you. God is not living here on earth. He's not living here on earth. Divine likability.

You need people to accept you. You need people to accept your product. You need people to accept your— everything you are doing, you need acceptance.

You need acceptance. Hallelujah! Your business must be accepted. Your ministry to thrive must be accepted. You need divine-like ability.

Glory to God. Bible says in Esther 2:15, and Esther obtained favor in the sights of all of them that looked upon her. You need favor in the sight of men. You need, you need this favor. If not, you'll be slow in life.

Things will be dragging. Things that should naturally take 1 year, 10 years you are still there. You need this favor. You need men to accept you. You need men that play significant role in your life.

You've not met them yet, but yet when you meet them, they just want to open their heart to you. You need it. Bible says, and Jesus, even Jesus, because he needs his ministry to be accepted, even Jesus Bible says he works in wisdom and in stature and in favor with God and men. Glory to God! Glory to God!

The disciples were praising God and they were having favor with all the people. So you need favor. You need favor. Tell your neighbor, I need this favor. I don't know about you, I need that favor.

I need people to accept what I'm doing all over the world. All over the world. Some of you are deceived that what they are doing, if I bring it to church, they'll just buy it. If you take it out of church and go, have they accepted it? You need this favor.

Hallelujah! Another way you know a man that God has highly favored is access. They just find you trustworthy. They want to open their loins to you. Glory to God!

This is when God gives you access to people, places, circles, and opportunity that ordinarily they are beyond your reach. Ordinarily, you wouldn't have gotten there in 20 years. It just opens that door. Their heart is just open to you, and they're like, um, I think you should follow me to Australia. I just want to show you some things.

Normally, you know that if you save up, if you save, Australia is far from you. Glory to God. And then you just meet people, I just want bring you in. They're just— they just want to bring you into their circle. They don't feel a certain way about it.

There's something about it. I feel like you belong here. Let's bring him in. He belongs here. You are not there, but they just feel like you fit in.

You need that favor in your life.

I know today is all possibility service. We activate that favor today. Glory to God. Glory to God. When people give you opportunities that are beyond you You— that's the only way you can catch up.

That's the only way you can ever catch up with destiny. If you think you want to be doing your life systematically— when I, when I finish secondary school, I will go to university. When I go to university, I will now serve. When I serve, I will now— what's, what's the next one? I will now work.

After working, I will now marry. When I marry, my mind will now come. I will not be working.

Asu will first of all burst that bubble that you are still in school. At maybe you use— you are supposed to use 4 years, you're using 8 years already. Before I'm, before I'm 22, thereabout, I should be done. I should be done. And Asu is keeping you in school.

You're already 27. Your service is not coming through fast. They've not posted me. They've not posted me. They posted me.

You have to wait again. And you are moving towards States. That's how life is kind of designed. It will always be bad in the world. It's only for those that are in Christ that is different.

For it will always be bad. So you need to activate this favor. It doesn't happen like that too. Is it Nollywood? They are deceiving us.

It doesn't happen like that. It doesn't— ask people that have gone ahead of you. Favor market, go and ask them whether there is favor in the marketplace. It's only for the believers and the ones that enforce that favor. Hallelujah!

Glory to God! You need men. Bible says in 1 Kings, he said, I will loose the loins of— Isaiah 45— I will loose the loins of kings. Not just ordinary men, kings, people in highly, highly placed people. They are interested in you, they are interested in your business, they are interested in your product.

They want to help you, they want to bring you in.

Don't say, oh, let the rich don't cook with the poor, so let's not even— no, no. Favor bridges that gap. Favor bridges that gap. They bring you into their circle.

Hallelujah! Glory to God! Glory to God! How many of you want that kind of favor? I want that kind of favor because you begin to hear information.

You now wonder, so People know this kind of things. So this kind of information really exists. Somebody was telling me about a course, very, very simple course, nothing so complicated, a course you just need to learn. And even me, I don't know the course because the person just said it's a course. So if you just do that course, is just 6 months or 8 months thereabouts, that if you just have the certification of this course, there's no way— no oil company will reject you.

In fact, they are looking for people like that. They are still looking for people like that till now. If you come into circles like that, that's when you get to know things like that. You just be there, okay, what can I do? The business, let me start a makeup stuff, let me be selling on this, let me be— that's the only thing that will come to your mind because that's the information that you have access to.

If you start selling akara now, before you open shop, you now had pop-off and buns. That's the only thing that will come to your mind. And there are untapped resources, untapped opportunities. Amen. You need this favor.

You need this favor.

Another way is generosity of men. This is when men just want to give to you. They just look at you and like, oh, what do you do? Oh, I sell this. Um, if I give you 50 million, what can you do with that?

That kind of— you see the way it shock you, that kind. And you're like, wait, ah, wait, ah, sir. 50 million. Maybe you are selling honey or you are selling slippers and it's okay. What can you do with 50 million?

Okay, if I give you 100 million, can you do something out of it? I can do something out of it. Amen. You need that. You will be slow in life if you think you can just— you can plot the way your life would go.

When I do this, I will not do this. By the time I start this business, at least one year into this business, I'll now boom. Yeah, it doesn't happen like that.

Glory to God. Glory to God. When men find you compelling enough to invest in, you don't have to do too much. They just look at you and like, okay, talk to me about your business. And you're talking like, oh, that's interesting.

Okay, let's, let's, let's, let's do 200 million. Amen. Because see All the money that you are— your dream money in life, if they pack all of you's dream money now, is in somebody's account. God is not sending money from heaven again. All the money you need, all the resources that you need, is on earth, is with men.

Your own future is somebody's past. If you have like, have like 30 billion now, That was somebody's past, long time ago, sitting pretty in their account. You just need the connection. You just need those that have to connect with you. Recently we found out that some organizations, in fact, if they don't release the money, government will tax them.

So they are actually waiting for people that they will release the money to. And here we are praying for the money that they are really— they just, just get people so that we can give them this money. And it's not small money. Get people, get pictures, that's all we need. If they don't release that money, they'll be in trouble.

So they must release it in hundreds of millions of dollars. In this life that we are, so all this, oh God, I need money. You just need the right connection. You just need people that will hold your hand. You just need people that will find you appealing enough to invest in you.

You think the way you are doing business is how they do business? No, that's not how they do it. Let money hit that business, then you will know. You begin, you restructure. You will need time.

You, they give it to me, okay, I need to go to Dubai first, or Maldives, to think about how I want to now do this business. You are still holding pen and paper. Okay, so when we— 50,000 came in, expenditure 8,000, so my profits will not— you need, you need, you need speed. You need speed. Hallelujah!

There was a lawyer that did a job for a woman. He doesn't know the woman. Somebody just introduced him as, okay, this, this woman can do this thing for you, this man can do this thing for you. And they just did it. So something very simple now, very— it's not even a court case or anything, it's very simple thing.

And then he says, because he even thought that the woman was a, you know, I think the woman sound— you know, there's a way they sound. They say, ah, how much is that? Too much. That they don't sound like that. Okay, that's fine, send your account number.

They sound like me, like this. Amen. So the lawyer said, I think he has perceived that this woman is comfortable. So she just said something that normally you should do 150K for. Said, Mom, it's fine if you can give me 500K, it's fine.

And the man said, okay, that's fine, send your details. And the woman sent him 11 million. Real life. I know the person it happened to. 11 million.

I know that, ma, you made a mistake, ma. So don't you know what to do with the rest? That was the question. I said, yes, I know what I did. Don't you know what to do with the rest?

That kind of favor is what facilitates you in life. So if you sit and think you can be doing calculation and I will not get there, you'll be slow. You need escalated favor. Hallelujah! Glory to God!

Generosity of men— they just want to open their alabaster box for you. So come, come, what do you do? What do you do? What do you— they just want to release that money to you. They just find you trustworthy.

That kind of favor is resting mightily upon us today in the name of Jesus. Glory to God! Another way you know is compelled kindness.

Compelled kindness. These ones, they don't need to like you. They don't need to like you. You know that one is divine likability. This one, they don't need to like you.

They'll just be compelled to promote you. Pastor shared the story of a man. This boss hates him, obviously. Anything is out. Amen.

and there was a time that they needed somebody to promote. Now the promotion is not, oh, from assistant manager to manager. It's like from janitor in the army to manager. And then when they were talking, oh, so we need somebody that will replace this person since you are going— this same boss that hates him, let's just use him. Just, just, it just came to his mind, he just recommended him.

Amen. And then when he met him, said, you know what, I'm leaving, and then I recommended you to replace me. And the guy was like, sir, you recommended me? You that hates me? You hate me so much, you know, you can't even stand me, and you are recommending me?

Say, when I was even just thinking about it, there was no person that— there was no name that came to my mind. It was just your name. I just said it. And then he said, come on, get out of my office, get out of my office. Bam!

You don't need them to like you. Compelled kindness. Compelled kindness. Compelled kindness. You go for an interview, the boss already saw you, she walked in or he walked in, and then the interviewer is saying— when they brought in the list, they say, oh no, no, we got— interviewer already said, no, no, no, we can't pick this one.

And the boss said, who is this person? Oh, she's Ayomide. Ayomide, I think I saw her. Pick her. 'Ma, no, no, no, she's not qualified.' I said, 'Pick her.' Compelled kindness.

The boss might not even set eyes on the person until the girl leaves that place. That's compelled kindness. That's people not liking you, but yet they will facilitate what you are doing. They will bless your righteous cause. Hallelujah!

Glory to God! Proverbs 16:7 says, 'When a man's way pleases the Lord, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him.' So now there's a clause. You begin to think, oh, I need to please the Lord. We are already pleasing to God. We are righteous.

Every righteous man is pleasing to God. So don't start to do, oh, I need to be pleasing to God before my enemies. That's what people used to think. Glory to God! When the ways of the man please the Lord, he maketh his enemies to be at peace with him.

Even those that don't like you will favor your righteous cause. Hallelujah! I remember when I was in school then, my lecturer— structure. If you, if you're a construction person, you know what structure is. It's our nightmare.

I just wrote the exam yesterday. I'm writing another exam today. You met me, another exam that is not structure. You called me and say, Lawrence, you failed structure. I'm like, sir, I wrote this exam just yesterday.

Are you saying that you've marked it? Obviously I know what he's doing. No, no, you failed it. I told you you failed. Are you going to be arguing with me?

You failed. I said, okay, sir. And then he now said, anyway, you know what your mates— go and meet your mates. They will tell you what they do if you want to pass this course. I already know.

I don't need to meet my— I know what they do. I just said, no worries, I will write it. Say, eh, you write it? I will write it. You are going to write.

What if you fail the course? If I fail the course, I will write it again. Is it that thing that you want me to do? I will not do it. That's you, that's you, it's your cup of tea, it's your cup of tea.

If you spend how many years in this school, it's not anybody's business. No problems, I will write it. The following year, I rewrite, I rewrote it, and then I passed it to the glory of God. If you're not, if you're an architect, you know what it means to pass structure. But that's not the juicy part.

I went back to school, and then I think I went to do something, already left, already graduated. And one woman, one of our lecturers, actually came to me and said, oh, Dr. Adeyemi, he says, uh-uh, Lawrence, how are you? It's people like you that we want to, you know, you need to come and speak to these people. And then the same lecturer was saying, oh yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, she, pick her, let her be the one to speak to the people. He obviously doesn't like me.

Obviously, because I'm not playing to his tune, but he recommended me. That's, that is where men are compelled to like you. So don't be in it, don't really, really— when somebody you are trying to show love to somebody and the person is wicked to you, don't mind. Your own is to favor me. You keep your likeness, just favor me.

Hallelujah. And Esau ran— Genesis 33:4— Esau ran to meet him and embraced him and fell on his neck and kissed him. You now know what Jacob did to the guy, right? You know what Jacob did to that guy. Stole his bed and ran away.

Ah, glory to God. And when Esau saw him, compelled— he has no choice, he has no choice— he ran to meet him, he embraced him, fell on his neck. Hallelujah. And I will give you these people favor in the sight of the Egyptians, and every woman shall borrow of her neighbor jewels of silver, jewels of gold and raiment. People that just lost their children, people that are mourning, that are mourning.

Is that the kind of person that wants to be generous towards you and know that you are the cause of that mourning? In one day, all the firstborn, including firstborn of ants, animals, died. They were mourning, they were in pain. And God says, go and meet them, they will give you everything. Weeping people.

Go and meet them. So an Egyptian and Israelite woman said, Madam, I've been eyeing that, your gold. He's like, my gold? I'll bring it for you. I'll be nice, I will bring it for you.

Just pack everything, just go. Morning people. So it means that the emotions of men does not even matter in this case. They just will be compelled to be kind to you.

Hallelujah! Glory to God! Glory to God! Glory to God! Bible says they gave them jewels of silver, gold.

Treasures. You meet somebody and they say, you look like my daughter. You don't look like the daughter, it's favor. Hey, when favor is at work, people start to see things though. You look like my daughter, you know, my daughter is not— she's very, you know, established, but I'm looking for someone that I can just pour into.

I have some trust funds because you look like her, um, send me your details. I just want to bless you before I go. And you receive the alarm, not a lot, you know there's a lot, there's alarm. The alarm just land on your phone, boom, your phone almost vibrated. That kind of escalated favor, you need it.

If no, you'll be slow. You need it. You can't calculate the journey of your life. When I do this, I'll do this, I'll do this. When I now start this business, at least by now I should— you are not factoring God's favor.

You are not factoring God's favor. You will be slow.

You will be slow. Glory to God. That's even if you get there at all.

Or maybe you get there when you already have been building this since I was 10, now I am, I'm 87. Uh-uh. And when they calculate your net worth, is one 22-year-old boy's past. Hallelujah. Entrustment.

Number 5, this is when people place authority, responsibility, resources, or something valuable into your hands because they trust you to manage it. They've not met you before, but they just trust you. That's what happened to Joseph.

The only thing Joseph doesn't have access to is the wife, and even the wife wanted to throw You see the way this favor is working? Glory to God. Even a wife— now Potiphar did not hand his wife over to Joseph. The wife wants to hand herself over to Joseph.

Oh, glory to God. Entrustment. Genesis 39:4, it says, and Joseph found grace in his sight, and he made him overseer over his house and all that he had put in his hands. Joseph carried this favor so much Even in prison, he was the captain of the prisoners. As a slave, captain of slaves.

And from prison, captain. He carried that grace so much. When people look at you, they just think that you can lead. They just want to trust you. Not that, oh, you go to the back, go to the back, go to the back, go to the back.

When they just see you, they're like, no, no, you look like somebody that can really do. You cannot do. You really cannot, you really have to go and take courses to do it. But when they see, they just want to favor you. They just feel like, yes, you can do it.

That kind of favor, entrustment. Glory to God. And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners. A prisoner, you committed all the prisoners to a prisoner. Favor.

Somebody say favor. Glory to God. And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, see, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt. You just joined as an intern and they already seen you as a leadership spec. You just joined in, but this person has something that I like.

That's something they can't touch it, they can't see it, they can't feel it. They just know that there's something about this person. I think you should come and assist me in my office. And then from then, oversee everything. Favor.

Not that they will look at you and they just want to naturally put you at the back. Join, join, join, join this way. Just join this queue. You need that favor. Hallelujah!

Glory to God! Preferential treatment. Life is never fair. No, no, life is never fair. It won't be.

Preferential treatment, exclusive treatments. If life was fair, God will not be telling us that he will give other people's life for our own.

It's not— his life is designed not to be fair. So if you want to stay on the fair spectrum, oh no, go, no, no, let him go, Lord, no, it's not— you are holier than the Holy Spirit, oh no, no, no. Even God says I will give another person's life for your life, but you, you want to be fair. They are treating you specially at work. You don't know that it's the favor of God.

You are saying, sir, I want to have some conversation with you. Amen. I see the way— I know you like me. I see the way you treat me, but I'm just suggesting if you can show the same kind— what is your business? What is your business?

If they can show the same kindness to this person, but they saw the person. What's your business? And if favor is working, you need wisdom. You need wisdom. They are treating you specially at work and you are getting uncomfortable with it.

You are getting uncomfortable with being treated specially. You cannot sit pretty with it. You cannot be comfortable with being— you cannot stay in the middle. You're already afraid. Oh, they will not be my friend.

I don't, I don't know. I don't— they will not feel good about— what's your business now? You're carrying favor. You have to be conscious of it. You have to be conscious of it.

In fact, when they don't do it to you, you should check yourself. When you walk into a place and they don't naturally love you and the boss does not pick interest in you, check yourself. You need to pray. You need to pray. Hallelujah!

Are you getting blessed this morning?

Hallelujah! And this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes. Because an excellent spirit was in him, and the king thought to set him over the whole realm. Entrustment.

And the king loved Esther. Please, is Esther prettier than all the women?

What is with Esther that is different from every other woman? It's just favor, the selective goodness of God. Bible says he loved Esther above all other ones. Above— do you know how many kings, how many queens that these men married back then? Well, he loved Esther.

Hallelujah! I don't know whether I just want one of those signs of favor. Maybe your own is just to, Lord, leave likability, just give me access. But for me, I want everything, everything. And you are going to be enforcing it today.

Today is all possibilities on the— anything is possible here. Glory to God! Thank you for listening. For inquiries, contact us using our helpline +234-8104-544689.

Go in this mind.
