What have you done with the last instruction that God gave you? Your jotter is full, your journal is full of instructions. But to take a step. So, so you see, you see unbelievers that do not even have the privilege that you have, that do not have the supernatural leverage you have, you see them excelling in what they do. I said this on Wednesday. I said, so you, you have to pray like it all depends on prayer, and you will have to walk like you don't have God. Joseph excelled in what he does. I told you, when Bible talks about the spirit of excellence, there are 2 dimensions to that. There is a dimension of the spirit of excellence as something supernatural upon the people. There's also a side of that spirit of excellence that speaks to the commitment of those people to be outstanding in their skill. Praise God. Glory to God. I say glory to God. Joseph was a good administrator. He excelled in it. The Spirit of the Lord was upon him. See, the first thing, the Spirit of the Lord— because when you look at the background of the story, before he was sold into slavery, There's something that stands out. He was daddy's boy. Do you realize that he never followed his brothers to go do the real work? Praise God. Many of you are not sensitive to change of season in your life. There's a saying where I come from that if they give back to you, you have to rebat yourself. There are seasons in your life you must know what you ought to do at that point. Joseph did not still hold on to that, I'm daddy's boy, I don't wash here. He got busy with what was committed to him, and he did it. Do you think he was the first person that Potiphar will be employing? He met some people there. When he got to prison, he met some people at the prison. How come he was made, uh, an overseer over the people he met at the prison? The favor of God that found expression through his diligence. Be outstanding. Be outstanding. Now God's favor has given you access to an exclusive circle. Now they have given you the contract to, to execute. You've done a wishy-washy job now. Now both you and the person that even referred you, they don't want to see anyone of you 100 miles from wherever they are. You say you sew. Now they told you to, to sew a trouser. Now one leg is shorter than the other, and now you are declaring, I will sew kings, I will sew clothes to president. Be diligent in what you are doing. You shut the mouth of naysayers. Are you getting what I'm saying here? The favor of God can bring you into relationship. It is your social skill, social skill that will nurture the relationship. Some of you, you've had critical dose of destiny shot against you. And now you are angry that they, they stop giving you access. You did not even have an introspection. What did I do? The favor of God is the only favor that is unmerited. The favor of man will have to be earned. And I just explained to you the reason in the charismatic circle— I don't think there's any group of people that pray for supernatural favor. In fact, that is, that is the most constant prayer point of an average Christian. As I'm going out today, let the favor of God come upon me and all that. Even the way you dress, it is disfavorable. Do you realize that when Joseph was going to stand before the king, he shaved his hair and he changed his appearance? You can't look like this before the king. Many of you don't even understand that the expression of favor of God in your life begins by your dressing, that you investing in your wardrobe is not being vain. It is the connecting point. Because see, when man wants to favor you, there must be something in the natural they can resonate with. Now we have AI that can teach you so many things. You know, I'm, I'm Yoruba, and to, to be very candid, I never knew that I, I have issue with the age factor. Some of you even pick it sometimes when I'm preaching. I never knew that I had issue with the the age factor until I begin. That— if it pisses off my wife, if I do a voice, I will listen to myself. When I began to listen, I will ask her, is this the way I'm— I'm on my knee, I want to listen to you. Is it the way I'm sounding and you're still coming to listen to me? But I didn't just say that. That is who I am. She's my witness. I began to— when we began to record and livestream, I began to work on myself. I'm so hard on myself. That's why I say sometimes I'll make a mistake, I will correct myself. Even before you can pee, I already correct myself. I'm so intentional about it. There is no day— minimum I learn minimum 5 pronunciations of words. I used to, I used to call W-H-O-L-E wool, wool, until one sister called me. Then I was in polytechnic. She said, Pastor Eddie, it is not wool, it is Oh, I say, I'm incorrigible. But somebody that can easily be corrected, develop competence. Competence is not a gift, it is acquired. There was no record that Joseph was an administrator. He was a daddy's boy. Somebody you can even call a brat. His dad loved him and he will rub it on the faces of his brothers. See the cloth that Daddy sewed for me? He didn't sew for you, he sewed for me alone. And parents must learn, the architect of the adversity in the life of Joseph was his father. He loved him more than his brothers and he made it known. Anyway, I can't even understand because, you know, the truth is this: when we were about to have our second child, my concern is if I can love him like I love— I don't know if this has happened to you before. You'll be wondering, can I really love this guy that is coming like I love this one? I'm telling you, you have the capacity to love 12. Just try God. Let's practicalize it. Just try it. I don't know if you would like to try it. I don't know if you'd like to try it. I see your hand up. Don't worry, God will give you 12. Receive it. Praise God. So it's, it's wisdom for parents, and it's not even about maybe loving one child more than the other. It is how you express the love. It's how you express the love. It's how you express the love. Sometimes you need to sit them down and explain, okay, this is the reason why this person— you know, we have a culture, we get them special gifts on their birthday. So when they began to grow to be conscious of somebody getting a gift. The other one just expected, as we walk into the mall, let us pick what we want. It is his birthday, it will soon be your turn. When you don't communicate that, it will be registered in their subconscious mind, Daddy loves this person more than me. But that's not the message. I'll leave that to my wife. That's not the message here. Praise God. So you have to be excellent at what you do. He that is diligent in his work, he will stand before kings and not before mere men. So if God says you will render service, God gave you a prophecy, I am bringing you into the service of the kings, it is through diligence. So diligence is not the barest minimum because there are millions of people that are as diligent as you. So the supernatural will now step in. It is not supernatural first and then diligence. It is diligence first and then the supernatural will step in. He started by saying that whatsoever your hands find to do, do it with all your might before you now talk about the forces of time and chance. It is the same It is the same conversation. He was saying, I see you have to be strong in battle, you have to be swift for the race, you have to be wise. But listen, after you have built competence, now hope in God's mercy. But Christians today, they put the cart before the horse. Many of you, if we can x-ray, if you can see into the realm of the spirit and see the load of graces and anointing that you are carrying on your head, the glory cloud that is hanging over your head, even you yourself, you will almost worship. But there is nothing, no infrastructures for those things to find expression. Be outstanding. Is it very clear? Then also discern and nurture, discern and nurture your anointing. Am I preaching good this morning? Discern and nurture your anointing. There are many people listening to me right now, what God has ordained for their lifting in life is what they are sleeping and waking up with every day. It's what they are taking for granted. What they are doing for free. You effortlessly make people laugh and you are broke. You don't know that you should package that and become an MC. MC with my masters? Thank you very much. I cannot do MC, I have masters. What do you think is the meaning of MC? It's masters of ceremony. Master something. Can you get what I'm saying here? I've said this before many times. Many of us, we grow in the midst of people that have similar strengths, so we are blinded by the light we are surrounded with. We don't even know that we have the capacity to illuminate darkness. That's why you may not know how good you are until you leave your— God said leave your father's house. There's something you people have that you are taking for granted because it is common. When you are good at something and you see people that are good at the same thing, you will take it for granted. What you now need to do is to package it. In the '90s, comedy is known with people from Delta State, especially Worry. I don't know, but Worry, you know what I'm talking about. I— when I was serving, there's this guy that was my bunkmate. Oh my God, I felt like I should just carry him to He should just follow me everywhere I'm going. This guy is serious, he's, he's dead serious. But when he opened his mouth, I will literally be holding my stomach. He was effortlessly— that he gets angry sometimes that I'm not taking him serious. I said, God, the way you are talking, your facial expression is so funny. Some people realize that. That this thing that is, that is like pure water here, they package it and brought it to Lagos and turn it to a multi-million industry. And one guy is just causing people to laugh on the street, kicking agulu on the street and all that, when he could package that thing and sell it. Recognize your anointing, nurture it. One thing I have found out in my few seconds of being conscious of life is that, see, your path to breakthrough, or what God is going to use for your breakthrough, it is never anything that is far from you. It is always something that is within your reach. He told, he told Moses, what is in your hand? There is a rod. There's okay. He asked the woman, what do you have in your house? I have nothing. Yeah, it's good to know what you don't have, but the most important knowledge you should have is what do you have. See, I have a jar of oil. It is nothing. God has never demanded anything you don't have. Build it. Is that very clear? Build it. Build it. Some of you, you, you, you can run errand for anybody. Anybody can send you an errand. Make a business out of it. Make a business out of it. Are you getting what I'm saying here? I read a story of a boy that is very flexible. He has won so many awards. They have used him in different movies. He can, he can squeeze his way. In fact, this place is even too large. He said growing up, now he discovered he could do all of these things as at age 3, 4. He said he thought everybody was like that until he was about 11 years old. He will now realize that what he did in school, his friends cannot do it. It feels so natural. That's the reason many of you are broke. Because it is— see, the, the reason you are broke is because it has been effortless and you assume everybody can. Do you think everybody can sell? Your ability to sell, you don't even realize. Some of you here, you can sell weed to a police officer. You can literally sell weed to NDLEA. They would have bought it before they realize. Ah, this This guy just saw crime to me. All you are using to do is just to be toasting girls. They are telling you that, see, there's no— you are even boasting there's no babe I can't have. No babe. Ah, something you need to package that you can be saying that there's no client that can't get. No client I can't get. What if you go were coping, and devil is now sieving. You know what Jesus said about— he said devil has sought to sieve you, ah, that the mood of your life, you're just wasting away, just wasting away. That thing you can lose what God is anointing. Go and read the story. Pay attention to the disciples. The one that can talk among them is Peter. Peter will answer questions that Jesus has not asked. He's always the loud one. Let's go there, nothing is happening, let's go. He's always— he asked them, who do men say that I am? Everybody was quiet. It is the talking one that talk. That thing that people have even called your weakness is what heaven is anointing for your breakthrough. You can do everything, but like you hate all kind of chores, but to wash is your delight. Now you need me to prophesy to go and start a laundry business. They've abused you that you can't do business. Oh, like you don't even know how to calculate money and all that. But to do house chores is, is, is, is like, it's like you drinking water and you can't turn it to a profession that you employ people to go clean people's house. Now money is in, money is in soak away. How you get what I'm saying? Tell your neighbor, say, be competent. Say, be competent. 3 things that you need: you need charismata, you need character, and then you need competence. Charismata is the supernatural, is the manifestation of the Spirit. Competence is you being skillful at what you do. Character is what makes you to be bankable. Don't despise what is committed unto you. That's not the time for you to be saying— some of you, you look at, ah, me, first class student, I will not be doing this. Joseph did not say that, me, the favorite of my father, that my father even sew special cloth for me, I will not be doing this house chore. He adapts. Do not cut corners is another thing I will tell you. Shortcuts will cut you short. And devil will always have alternatives to God's route. He will always have alternative. One thing you must settle early in life is that devil can offer you something close to what God has offered you. What makes it original is not that thing. It is how you got it. That's why the path is very important, because the longevity of the promise is in the journey. Satan told Jesus, just bow, you don't have to go through the route of the cross, just bow and you will have it. The wife of Potiphar said, see, I can make you great. Do you know that he would have become a gigolo? In fact, they would have jointly conspired to kill Potiphar, and Joseph would have just become the husband. And Joseph would have thought that that is the fulfillment of destiny. This is how you will know whether it is God. It is the morality of what you want to do, no matter how appealing it is. Don't cut corners. Go all the way with God. Don't bow. Go all the way with God. Why will I do this and sin against God? Go all the way with God. Oh, tell your neighbor, say, go all the way with God. Louder, say, go all the way with God. Louder, say, go all the way with God. Interpret others' dream. Interpret others' dream on your way to the fulfillment of your dream. As a matter of fact, the fulfillment of your dream is hidden in your interpretation of other people's dream. That dream he had 13 years ago will be fulfilled By him interpreting the dream of another person. You are too big to serve. He hold me, me that I know what God has spoken about me. If it is not for circumstance that make a fish bend, is it somebody like this that will be talking to me? Ah, interpret other people's dream. Are you getting what I'm saying? Because the fulfillment of your own dream is in your interpretation of other people's dream. Interpret. And what does that really mean? It means to serve. He said that if God— if you can— if you are not faithful with other people's thing, how will God give you your own thing? And look at how excellent this guy is. He served to a point that the people he served always leave everything to his care. It happens in Potiphar's house, it happened in the prison, even happened in the palace. The king said that— see, do you realize that? Go and read the scripture. The only thing that Pharaoh decided the moment Joseph came in is what he will eat. He said, I'm, I'm just only going to decide what I will eat. The running of his entire house, palace, everywhere, it was put in care just by interpreting other people's dream. Serve. Tell anybody, say, serve. Serve me. The way you serve God is by serving men. See, when you serve men, you have served God. When they will say, where did we see you that we gave you drink? He will answer them that if you have done this for the least among you, you have done it to me. We serve God by by serving men. We what? We serve God. Tell your neighbor, say, serve. Say, the way you serve God is by serving me, is by serving me, is by serving men. This week, find somebody's dream to interpret. Is that very clear? You've been praying for favor. Be the answer of favor to somebody. Be the answer to favor. Be the one that will become somebody's answered prayer. Because no matter where you are, there is somebody that is still looking up to you. Somebody that is still looking up to you. Interpret somebody's dream. Do you know that some of you listening to me, you have what it takes to help somebody start a business? Now, the first lady talked and everybody will say everything you want to say, but do you realize that truly there are people that ₦50,000 can actually start a business for them. When you collect salary, there's somebody that ₦20,000 will start a business for them. This month, as you are looking forward to bringing in the sheaves, be the mint, be the harvester of somebody's sheaves. You get what I'm saying here? Maybe it can't just be prayer. Pick somebody you are going to pray for. Say, give and it shall be given unto you. It is a spiritual law that governs life. Is that very clear? And the last thing, as I round up, you must never— and please pay attention to this— Never seek to use your fulfillment to prove a point to anybody. You must understand that the people that God has raised you for are the people that will fight you most. The men that God have everything that— see, it wasn't that God's priority was the nation of Egypt. The priority of God was the family of Jacob, because it is out of them that the seed of Abraham will come. And the primary people that God has raised Joseph for are the people attacking Joseph. If Joseph had wanted to prove a point— praise God— imagine Joseph wanting to prove a point. That should be— you say that I will not be great, you said that the dream will not come to pass, now look at me now. If he was after vengeance, he would have killed the people God wanted him to preserve. Because ultimately the fulfillment of that dream is not to become a prime minister, it is to become a preservative for God's lineage on earth. His greatness is not that he's the one everybody is bowing to. His greatness is that he will preserve the people of God. Many of you are pursuing subtle vengeance. And that's the reason it looks as if you've not had a breakthrough, because God knows that if you have this breakthrough, you will use it to destroy the people he wants you to preserve. You want to rub it on their face that, look at me now, you said I will not amount to anything, look at me now. Do not allow offense. Jesus was praying for the people on the cross. Say, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they are doing. He made sure that there was no offense, because that offense will sabotage what God wants to use that situation to accomplish. No man is your enemy. I would say that devil is your adversary, and you wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, power, rulers of darkness, spiritual wickedness in the very headquarters of evil. Is that very clear? Be like Joseph. What you meant as evil, God has turned it for good. He actually sent me ahead of you to preserve you. He sent me ahead to preserve you. Now that you are blessed, use that blessing to service the people that hated you. Is that very clear? Rise on your feet.
